artistic integrity is under attack, me, digital, 2023

The mods will be in for a busy few weeks then
Odd that the post stays but all comments are nuked
Getting banned from r/art speedrun, any %
Making mistakes is ok. After all we're all just human (except automoderators and bots). But failing to admit mistakes and behave like a powertripping teenager is not ok.

Dear mods, grow up, admit your mistake, apologize and be more careful and professional next time. Thank you. If you can't tell the difference between a human made art from AI art then you are not qualified to moderate anything but the most obvious ones.
[removed]
Could've just grown a pair, apologized, and unbanned them. But nope...

Edit: Thank you kind person for my first award!
Imagine working this hard for free and still being in the wrong.
What a wonderful community we have
I'm here for the popcorn and ban handouts
Interesting... Despite my own disdain for the AI art, if true then this is pretty fucking insulting considering the implications that an original artist could post their own original works that are heavily used by AI, only to have *their own art* removed by mods for use of AI.

Is there a conversation in another sub by artists that I can look into myself?
Here before this gets removed
[removed]
[removed]
Why not just add a tag to every artwork that is made with AI (and keep it there as it is)?!
Who tf are artists to say what is and isn't art anyways? Isn't the whole point to make something, no matter the medium and express oneself?

Also if taping a banana to a wall is art, or an unmade bed is art, than ai is also art. Granted, my art is all mine and not ai. I think there is some merit to using it as inspiration or for pose most certainly. Lol
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Putin, Me, photography, 2022

Mod here again:  For the record, we didn't remove this post earlier.  It was removed after the user was (apparently) shadowbanned by the admins.  Nice to see that it's back.

Also, again, this is technically "collage" or "photomanipulation" and not "photography".  If anyone else chooses to post another portrait of Vladimir Putin made from hundreds of small flaccid penises, please keep this in mind.

Edit:  In case anyone is wondering, this is now the all-time top /r/Art post.  Well done.  Next time someone complains about the lack of male nudity in this sub I'll just say, ["Hey, are *you* in for a treat."](https://www.reddit.com/r/Art/top/?sort=top&t=all)
Me: “Ugh, I hate when people mark posts NSFW for no reason…wait…oh god…”
Love that they all appear to be flaccid
This is a vulgar insult to those nice penises.
I liked the one of Putin himself buried in there
I’m honestly more impressed by the collection. I hope Putin likes the resemblance
Well i can't unzoom in but this was probably the greatest compilation use of dicks there will ever be.
Really wish I hadn’t zoomed in.
I went from zero upvotes of naked penises in my reddit history to upvoting hundreds of naked penises due to your art. Thanks?
How many individual dick pics are there? It appears to be the same set of dick pics with different hues and brightness to make this image.
We need to change his Wikipedia article photo with this. It's a more accurate representation of the "man".
A true masterpiece. Someone should send him a copy.
Glorious. I hope he sees it. Dick!
Dressed up like a million-dollar trooper
Trying hard to look like Gary Cooper (super-duper)
Come, let's mix where Rockefellers walk with sticks or umbrellas in their mitts
Putin out of dicks
This should be his wikipedia photo.
me : oh what a nice drawing! i wonder what made it NSFW? \*zooms in\*

also me : WHAT THE FUCK
[removed]
I really wish I had an award to give you. I can only give you my upvote. You deserve it.

Edit: that one picture of Putin in the collage tho
Politics aside, I think I can now officially say that I've seen more dicks than all of my ancestors combined. Thanks?
Dick pick of a dick, very meta
This has *almost* as many penises as Euphoria.
I knew it was a bunch of dicks, but I had to make sure. ‘Twas a bunch of dicks
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

• ⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua • ⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
Cumazing, Penisly depicts the guy
I love the little Easter egg to the left :)
Am I the first person to find the actual pic of Putin? Great game of Where’s Putin!
*slams desk* now THAT'S art
Wonder if you could update his Wikipedia picture to this...
How many dixels is this photo?
Huh  


<Zooms in>  


Oh no  


<Zooms in further>  


OOOOHH YESSS
My man how much time did you spend on this?
Lol and then the one lone Putin face among the dicks
Very fitting. What a dick Putin is.
[Thank you OP](https://i.imgur.com/8vV1cdU.jpg)
This is an vulgar and unbelievably picture 
But the penises are nice
If you were gay before, you aren't now.
You had a lot of balls to make this picture
find the pussy? easy it's right there just zoom out
I made i huge mistake zooming in. well done
I went from shaking my head and asking why, to laughing, shaking my head, and asking why.
Just need to get this as the top pic on a Google search. Incredible work on this masterpiece, OP
Fucking work of art my dude💛💛💛
I just knew before i zoomed
Is the tiny Putin made out of dicks too?
I like that one of the small photos is just the photo of him. Fits right in with the rest.
His eyes are made of assholes
Imagine OP's Google search history
>Dicks

>Dicks

>Dicks

>Dicks

>Dicks

>Dicks

>Putin
My god, he is such a DICK!!
Your penis is a treasure compared to what you made a mosaic of. Never desecrate your penis like this again OP
I do not regret that zoom, surprisingly
This is a masterpenis…I mean a masterpiece.
How do we do that thing where this becomes the number one image when you google search Putin?
This is exactly how we have to deal with criminals. We should not fear them, we should not glorify them,

We should humiliate them!
As an owner of a penis it makes me mad that you compare it to him

Make one with trump pictures now
Ah yes WAR CRIMINAL putin the biggest DICKtator of them all.
Now, I want to know if you took the pictures or if there is a library full of the pictures. Either way, it's impressive.
With this post, I have now quadrupled the number of flaccid penises I’ve seen in my life. 

Thanks, Op
Looking for the short orange one shaped like a mushroom is like playing a variable game of Where’s Waldo!
Aside from the fact that it’s penises and asses, how does someone make these? Finding the right colours and everything.
19 down 23 across, it's mine!
Why do you have...  you know what?  Never mind.
oh my god i was wondering why it was nsfw..
these are some nice peni imo
Now I know how females feel with unsolicited dick pics
I'm not going to focus in to confirm, but if each one of those is a unique dick, color me impressed.
A lot of small dicks, and one giant dick.
I'm actually bigger than a few of those!! Who knew!!
You should do a portrait of Tucker Carlson next!
(zooms in)

Gawdammit. Dicks AGAIN!
Seriously, how do people make these?
I'm like wtf.. then i take a second look... "Ohhhhhh"
There has to be a way to get him to see this. Can we crowdfund an ad purchase in Moscow’s equivalent of Times Square?

At a minimum let’s get it in the hands of Ukrainians to create a large poster that says “This Dick is a War Criminal.”
What an absolute dick head
That's one ugly dick wait (zooms in) nevermind dicks
You found my wife's inbox
I am Russian and I thank you ❤️. 

These penises are small and flaccid just like our "great" president.
Smaller dicks creating big dick. Yeah that pretty much sums it up. Perfect depiction.
Your search history has not been defiled in vain
This should be on Wikipedia on his page. We have to mob push this to wiki.
And now find the biggest dick in the picture.
Do not zoom the image worst mistake of my life
Seriously?  Seriously, no one!?   Nobody’s said it yet?  Alright, fine.  Guess I’ll say it.

Dicktator.
Putin has a micropenis and this photography fits well on his character.
Why is it dicks are bad and vaginas are pretty? Not complaining necessarily just genuinely wondering as this with vaginas would probably not be as insulting? Why’s it vaginas are a compliment and dicks aren’t, should I take offense
Horrible art, gross looking penis too. r/averageredditor
How broken do you have to be to concieve this?
[I meannn...](https://youtu.be/b1d7Llx4rm8)
As a gay man I want to say thank you x
On another post, 2nd column on the left, 46 dicks down is a tiny Putin...surrounded by dicks. Hilarious!
Dear Ukrainians!
I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that the polish border is closed.
It's a lie.
If you seek asylum - go towards the Polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.
Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl
Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.
EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED A VISA TO PASS THROUGH THE POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS A PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR THE TIME BEING!!!!!!
EDIT2: As proof that you no longer need a visa:
In Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua
In English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
Edit: this is a copy and paste and I encourage you all to do it too where appropriate!
I did not write this, I'm just trying to spread the word
Це брехня.
Якщо ви шукаєте притулку – йдіть до польського кордону. Ми готові до вашого приїзду. На кордоні готові пункти прийому, де ви можете знайти притулок, їжу, медичну та правову допомогу.
Польський уряд запустив спеціальний сайт, щоб допомогти вам: ua.gov.pl
Будь ласка, поділіться цією інформацією, якщо ви знаєте когось, хто зараз шукає допомоги.
РЕДАКТИРОВАТИ: ВАМ НЕ ПОТРІБНА ВІЗА ДЛЯ ПЕРЕХОДУ ПОЛЬСЬКОГО КОРДОН. ВСЕ, ЩО ВАМ ПОТРІБНО, ЦЕ ПАСПОРТ. ВІЗИ ПРИСПИНЕНО! ВОНИ ВАМ ПОКАЧНО НЕ ПОТРІБНІ!!!!!!
EDIT2: Як доказ того, що вам більше не потрібна віза:
Українською мовою https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua
Англійською мовою https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
Редагувати: це копіювання та вставка, і я закликаю вас зробити це також, де це необхідно!
Я не писав цього, я просто намагаюся поширити інформацію
That's an impressive collection
I’ve always liked it when somebody makes a mosaic of someone using smaller portraits of the person. I think the smaller portraits really captured his essence.
I have never enjoyed seeing wang so much as I did right there. Had to share it with my wife, even. LOL
Dude... that's pretty funny.
“If you're blue, 
and you don't know 
Where to go to 
Why don't you mock 
a fascist prick? 
Putin on the dicks.”
TIL u/ryanforster has a large dickpic collection
Damn, I wish I could upvote this masterpiece
Thanks... for making me see this
You took all those photographs?
That one actual picture 🤌 send it to the Louvre!
But does anyone here recognize their own hardware?
Time to delete your search history!

But seriously, this is a masterpiece!
I lol'd, I regret nothing.
I have to say....I am impressed.
You photographed a lot of dicks for this. I'm impressed
Shit dude, anonymous hacked my inbox and turned it into a putin photo wtf
Honest to goodness, my first thought when I saw the pic of that smug dictator was that I need to post a comment saying "nice collage. Way to sneak a penis in there."

And then I zoomed in on the pic. With that, I'll say "Nice collage. Way to sneak 4860 penises in there. Job well done. I cant think of a better use of that many dicks."
Where did you source your dick pics from?
When I was in key west, like 15 or so years ago, a gentleman asked if he could take a picture of my penis so he could make this type of art. I obliged. Wonder if it was op or not. And if it is whether my penis has made it onto putin’s face. Haha world is wild no doubt about that.
Am I the only Male looking to see if I made an appearance!

"Mom, my small flaccid penis was used in a collage for Putin. You can be proud now Mom!"
Meh... there are duplicate penises.  Also it's not very inclusive - appears to be all white male parts.  I understand Putin in Caucasian though
I approve of the concept but I do feel that tinting the same pictures of dicks different colours is cheating.

You need more dicks of more varied colouration and background.
Is that all one dudes dick?
[THAT'S A LOT OF NUTS!!!](https://youtu.be/FR4iRawfvNA)
I salute your dedication to your craft!
The best way to describe that “dick”
On row 46, column 1 there's a picture of Putin himself. This makes the picture *meta.*
Gives new meaning to the term “dick head”
Left side, 2 columns in, half way down

That is a MASSIVE dick
Instead of artificially darkening the images, you could have used blackndongs.
Lots of straight guys comparing themselves to what’s in this pic rn
A massive dick made out of smaller dicks. Its genius!
God I'd hate to see your browser history...
I was expecting butt pics ugh why did i zoom in
is this, technically, the world’s biggest dick pic ?
I spotted the Putin far left middle.
[deleted]
You had to look at and download thousands of dicks and you wanna act like a winner?
I'm boohooing. This is the funniest fucking post.
Never thought I would be so happy to see so many dicks
More casual homophobia on the reddit front page. Sure is convenient to use that as a cudgel when you feel it's justified and people are cheering
Are we supposed to repeatedly say “Vladimir Putin” after this so this picture is what google pulls up?
He does loves fitness I hear, fitness dick in some art.
Somehow I knew before I zoomed in.
This will be in a history textbook. Congrats.
When "Me" is in the title, it's literally him
I really knew better than to zoom in.
Something to Putin your ass
Hey, wait a second. Some of those are duplicates!  I do like the one 23rd to the right and 52nd down though.
Good. Next do trump, but with buttholes.
Oh fuuuuuck you!

It was dicks!
You are a glorious example of humanity, and I'm saving this for posterity. ^(Thank You...)
~~[Reddit admins removed this post](https://www.reveddit.com/v/Art/comments/t0mib4/putin_me_photography_2022/?ps_after=1645742522%2C1645743826%2C1645745004%2C1645745884), and the original author’s account has been purged, like it never existed.~~ Edit: so that all happened, but was undone like it never happened, and I’m fine with that, really, if more than a little skeeved out by witnessing it. 

Creepy af.
me: why is this marked as nsfw? oh it's one of those where they're all comprised of a bunch of pictures!!! lets see what they - oh no
I found a picture of Putin in the collage. 46th row, 2nd column
2nd column has one pic of Putin
Beautiful, this might the greatest piece of art ever conceived
No wonder (most) women don’t like dick pics.
It's so funny how reddit thinks this makes any difference
I love how one of the dicks that comprise this image is this very image of Putin.
The best is how much he will hate this!! Someone should make a  post card site that sends it directly to his office. You can add little notes like "you're a dick"
I don’t really know what an NFT is but I think this would be worth the spend.
WHY THE FUCK DID I ZOOM IN
I imagine you’re on some sort of hit list now
I wonder how you got those photos.
Man he sends you A LOT of Dick pics
Let's get this image to pop up when Putin is searched?
In eight hours, this post has earned roughly 76,000 upvotes. It's 23rd of all time in this sub already. Where is it going to place after a couple of days?
I never realized how much his face looks like a bunch of dicks till today. Thank you.
I'm impressed at OP's huge collection of flacid make genetalia
I’d very much rather stare at a thousand photos of a man’s downstairs than this foul, wretched creature. Great job on the art tho
You are a Man of Focus, Commitment, and Sheer Fucking Will.
Awesome work, although would be more accurate if it was a collage of assholes...
What is this art style called? Can someone please link to a generator for this kind of image? (not the dicks, the final result)
Welcome to the ranks of Reddit legend. See you the (Top - All Time) soon.
Is this done manually or does a computer do it for you?
The shady parts look particularly grotesque. Just Putin it out there.
WOW that's very impressive tbh
Sweet, there's at least two dudes with smaller wieners than me.
Looks like a dick even zoomed out
Putin' on the Dicks!

I know that joke has probably been made but I've waited almost half my life to make it so I'm taking my chance.
I'm getting "little bit of a dickhead" vibes from this.
u/Zyrllane u/VeryGenericPerson
This guy had to look at so many dicks to make this.
You searched for more than 100 pictures of flaccid penises for this piece of art... Ryan... what an artist you are...
Get it? Because he's a dick head
I was gonna ask if these were your penis in flaccid angled and then maybe some shading involved with some type of light fixture.  But searching on Google sounds alot more painful
At this point, as soon as I opened the pic, I knew what it was made of, without zooming in
[Obligatory Chorus of Wieners.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L87izJ_9HpY)
_Ah, the true Dick Van Dick, the dick of dicks_
I am uncomfortable with the energy we’ve created in the studio today
Dang hes gotta be so owned after this
So you outted yourself as a woman on reddit.




So you make a picture of putin using them
wasnt expecting to be penis jumpscared on a crowded train
How did I know that was all dicks before I even zoomed in…

Reddit, you have trained me well.
Could we possibly make this the first image that appears if someone Google's Putin?
How the dick did you make this
I thought for a man with his stature and attitude they'd be a lot smaller.
Looks like a dick head to me
I’d give my life savings ($60 because poor) to slather my shit across his face then shove a pineapple up his ass like little Nikki did to hitler.
All of the kings in this photo dropped this 👑
You truly sacrificed while making this. Respect.
Its Wonderful. So much to say yet only so much canvas.
It's nothing but dicks and your drowning in ~~pussy~~ awards because of it.
I laughed way harder than I should have. Brilliant
Op should stay away from windows and tea for now
Bro why didn't you ask me :( i could have finally put my penis to good use. F
The amount of dic pics you had to go thru. You are a man of focus, commitment and sheer fucking will. Although less impressive if you are gay, a woman or if they are all pics of your own dick
I found the actual picture of Putin
Brilliant OP! I've never seen so many dicks in my entire 30 something life 😅
I’m happy you did it to a nsfw, because I’m  🇺🇦 to :((( PLZ STOP PUTIN
The Meme Wars have commenced
Anybody else spend probably more than enough time just looking at the wide variety of dicks?
Ahh yes Adolf Hitler Jr. What a shame on Russia.
You’re a fucking fantastic human being.
Wow, dicks. So brave and beautiful
Why did I feel the need to zoom in… *gag* 

I’m 4 weeks postpartum. I can say that. Suck a Putin.
I have never quiet-cackled so hard in my life. Good job OP.
HOW THE FUCK DOES THIS HAVE SO MANY AWARDS
I have never jerked off to Putin until now.
The definition of an honourable sacrifice, I commend you sir
Dear friends, 
we call for action every and single one. To every person, wherever you are: your voice and any other contribution is important. What you can do: - go out to the streets and join protests against war and Putin worldwide. 
By speaking up you can make changes.
This photo has an impressive DPI

(Dicks Per Inch)
[removed]
Well it looks like Putin took my advice of "eating a bag of dicks"....after all you are what you eat.

&#x200B;

truest photo of Putin ever seen, +1 for OP.
This dude ain’t dicking around’ 🖼
I’d hate to see your search history
How do i create one of these? 😂
[removed]
Putin is a real dickhead/cockface.
Genital Putin reporting for duty
This is comical genius - a photo of a prick made up of thousands of penis photos
This is the definition of creativity.  Well done!
Wait until Putin will see this 😂😂😂
Truly inspired political art that captures the mood of the moment! This should be in the Smithsonian
This would make him happy
Take my free award you glorious bastard
My idiot brain *don't say it, don't say it, it's so lame pleas don't* 
My idiot mouth *draws breath* :
Wow, u can really see how much of a DICKHEAD Putin is, in this picture.
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

• ⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua

• ⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

Edit: this is a copy and paste and I encourage you all to do it too where appropriate!
HOW DID YOU FIND SO MANY IN DIFFERENT LIGHTINGS
Lol I thought it was tagged NSFW because it was Putin. That would still be ok
I zoomed in and found the picture of Putin in there himself lmao. I lost it but it’s in there somewhere! Awesome job OP ;)
Ew, gross! A dicktator has no place in art!!!!
How do we make this the photo that pops up when people google Putin? Lol.
Whoever made this is gay but a legend
Zoom in on Putin’s face and you see who he really is, nice job
This person has a folder of hundreds of penises in their computer
Need to know how this was made.
This photo oddly inspired me to make a tool for [this](https://mosaic-builder.web.app). Before you ask, I did look for others first, but most of them seemed to require sign up and I thought I could make this work in the browser.
A pile of hot evil dicks. We learn from the best.
Not gonna lie I sent this to my parents 😂
I-- I instantly zoomed in and I approve greatly
I should have not zoomed in
What makes this whole thing so embarrassing is that whoever made it had to download all those pictures, look at them, and then puzzle them together
Putin got penised. HAhahahahaha, lmao
“The New American Gothic” by Criselda Vasquez, Oil on canvas, 2017

the Astro van I think is the best detail. when I first got started in carpentry. I got one for $1,500 and it served me with no major repairs for almost 10 years.
Incorrect!!! Where's the Fabuloso!
FYI, the original 'American Gothic' features a house which was ordered from the Sears-Roebuck catalog, and included the "ornate window" option.

Off topic, but I thought people might find that interesting.

Edit: I am sorry, I've been corrected. Only the windows were ordered from Sears. For what it's worth, I learned this apparently-incorrect fact from Rich Halls documentary 'Working for the American Dream'
This is great, also, love the Astro van they're driving. 

I used to drive one back in the day. She was a beautiful whale princess with a bumpin' sound system.
For us it was the Mercury van (it was navy blue and i forge the model). My dad wasn't in landscaping, but worked nights and my mom has been cleaning houses for the last 20 years. I am humbled that my parents were able to do what they did and still smile. Got la chancla my fair share of times for my pendejadas, but wouldn't have had it any other way :)
I love this. I come from a family of farmers and that original painting really did capture the spirit of the hardworking individuals who help keep this country afloat (and, ya know, fed). Working immigrants are exactly the same. Putting in the work, building a life, establishing themselves in a needed industry. Well done this is amazing.
I'm a first generation Mexican and this is what I see everyday where I live. My parents took me to pick grapes a couple of times and that shit isn't fun or easy. Definitely makes me grateful that they risked it all so I wouldn't have to do this for a living. I have many family members who live this life everyday. It's definitely a struggle but they're some of the nicest, hardest working people in my life.
She nailed those hands.. Coming from a family where my father did field labor and mom early in her life, also has hands that look rough and over worked..
What is happening, r/Art posts that aren't half naked girls making it to the front page? I like it
This is one of the coolest things I’ve seen in a long time. May I share this?
I can totally relate to this.  Parents were janitors, and that's how my brothers and I grew up.  Its a difficult life of daily struggle both with physical labors (mostly a grind as it is a daily job 7 days a week) and a mental labor (as in viewed as lower in this society).
I have moved on but still have family grinding away.  It was a shitty life, cleaning other people's crap, and at the time (high school) I hated it.  Made me a Damn hard worker though, so there's that.
i heard that’s Criselda’s dentist and sister that posed for the painting
[deleted]
The painting is beautiful but we need more lemon pledge
the little frowny face on the window of the trunk tho
[removed]
I don’t like it because it makes me feel feelings that challenge my perception of the world and makes me appreciate people different from myself. That’s not what art is for.
Oooooohhh time to sort by controversial and grab some popcorn.
Hate to be THAT commenter, but I believe that the original a father/daughter representation that is often misunderstood as husband/wife - as aspect lost here. I can nonetheless appreciate the thought that went into this work and it's historical roots in Realism.
Never thought I'd see a chevy astro in oil. Well done!
Love it, clever reinterpretation of classic Americana.
AAAAAAAAAGH I love the painting

but the bumper/trunk/window lines are offset/crooked

GAAAAAAAAAH
I actually fucking love this. It's just perfect.
Fun fact, the reason why the original picture is called american gothic is because the style of architecture on the house is the back ground is american gothic and I do believe it was his dentist who posed for the picture
This is a super powerful image.
The dude looks like my brother in law
For someone reason this piece is really speaking to me hitting home 😪honestly
Amazing!!! This speaks to me
The dusty Astro van is an absolutely inspired choice. Lots of really good details in this piece. You can tell some thought went into it. I love it.
Amazing! Hats off to the artist and every immigrant chasing their American dream! The hard working individual should always be celebrated.
This is great but am I the only one seeing that the bumper and the names on the car aren’t level.
A man with his wife and a hoe.
Question: why does the original painting include the word 'gothic'? What is the meaning of the term in that context? I never understood the title.
Nobody is noticing the van being wide enough to sit 4-5 people across?
Every racist commenter in here posts in the_dipshit 

Why am I not surprised
"don't sort by controversial"
"don't sort by controversial"
"don't sort by controversial"
"don't sort by controversial"
"what the fuck sorts by controversial"
"proceeds to lose faith in humanity"


Rinse and repeat
Hey look, a panting based on actual people.
Love this. A reminder that even in our fancy digitized world, we rely on hard, manual labor.
Oh wow! I can’t express how much I love this!
Really cool idea! I like it, also really well done.
I love this so much. I really can't relate personally but something about this just feels right.
that's actually pretty good perspective of the modern physical toil of our labor force
hot damn this is beautiful
I like art that makes you feels.
Well painted, I love it. I will some day get a portrait like that of my family.
Immigrants are literally the backbone of our physical labor workforce. I’ve never seen such hard workers as them.
Except this misses the meaning of the original piece besides for the pose
This is amazing and also so very boring
[removed]
Look at this guy and his hoe
Grossly underpaid Hispanics .
This is accurate right down to the Chevy Astro.
I love this so much! Amazing work! 💖
Oh shit the Astro Van lol
The semi-smile on the wife's face speaks volumes.

I love this.  Brilliant work.
This painting is not only excellent but has a lot of meaning behind it. I really like it!
This is a snapshot of time. It is food for thought. It is art.
My crazy uncle, who will write in Palin in 2024 (assuming democracy survives), will literally have a heart attack when he sees this. Forwarding now.
I work as a Service Manager in the multi-family housing industry. These people are the backbone of our country.
I cannot even believe how accurate this picture is. My Maids are Dominican Republic and this photo is like a pastiche the kinds of people out there doing this kind of work. We even hired the husband to build us a front deck with a roof. FYI it's fucking beautiful.
Nope. Gotta be fabuloso or it’s not authentic
Ok, that's pretty good, but where's the fabuloso?
Should’ve used a weed eater instead of a hoe to emphasize the “new”
My Mom owned an Astrovan (my auto-correct just hilariously changed that to African) in the 90s when she was driving myself and my 3 siblings around. Great memories.
The Astro Vans are outstanding vehicles, they've never given me any problems before
Fuck man, this hits me hard. This is an exact representation of my parents when I was growing up. I lucked out that my pops is really good at what he does and now holds a nice supervising position. I would'nt have been able to finish college without their support.
I hate to be that guy but at the very least the American Gothic painting had a house with a gothic window. Also the two people are a father and daughter.
I’m sorry but I love this.
This takes me back to a simpler time when my Abuela's slipper was the best national reform strategy
I would 100% hang this painting up in my living room. Beautiful, and reminds me of the struggles and sacrifices my parents went through, and are still going through while living in this country.
Shouldn't he be holding a leaf blower instead of a hoe?
Gosh... This hits me right in the past feels...
They are the seed of US prosperity. It has always been such.
She needs more lemon Pledge.
missed opportunity for lemon pledge
Lmao imagine getting triggered over a painting of 2 people doing nothing but standing there.
With his ho by his side...and his wife too ;)
As a Mexican, and first generation American. This makes me so damn proud. So damn proud.

These people could be my parents, my neighbors, my uncles. It can be me.

I don't see homeless people like others have mentioned. I see people with tools in their hand, with a purpose and focus.  There is a resolve in their eyes. 

Damn proud.
New? Kinda been decades of this.
Looks like the guy with the Spear of Destiny from the beginning of the movie Constantine.
"jesus drives an astro van"
This is truly beautiful, a bit sad, but beautiful
What a beautiful reimagination of such an iconic American art piece. So resounding and powerful.
Mr.Superman not here... Mam we just need to ask you a few ques- no sorry Mr.superman not here.
Dude's right foot is huge.
Good art that isn’t a naked chick? Take my upvote!
I want this, how can I acquire it.
Nice she uses Tide, Ajax and Windex. Top notch cleaning supplies.
Neta the Astro van hahaha
This is a super cool painting. Instantly recognizable callback and still 100% relevant to today
They forgot to put “Lávame huevon” on the rear windshield.
Instead of a garden hoe it should be a leaf-blower. In my opinion anyway lol
This hit too close to home. From the equipment to the van.
I hate to be a stickler but the bumper / window of the car shifts in height from one side of the couple to the other and it ruins the immersion for me.
Wow. This is SO good. The Chevy Astro is a really good touch. That van brings back memories.
Wow, this is beautiful, honest and inspiring. I'm not too tech savvy but this should be spread all over the internet. Great job
never seen a red astro before
I think this captures humanity so well
GTA 5 loading screen vibes
The Astro makes this too real
¿por que no tienen uno leaf blower?
I haven’t seen this before. Wow that’s cutting
I have this Astro van.  I also have a GMC safari to complete the set.  Hardest working van I have ever had.  Bless all the hardworking men and women rolling in their vans getting work done.
Use to work at auto parts store, can confirm people love their Astro van.
That Astrovan is one wide boi
Should be zoomed out a bit, and in front of a gated ornate home.
“We need more lemmoñ pledge”
Ooooooooooo I like this. I like this a lot.
Damn, artist.  The Astro Van was so on point.
I don’t understand how people actually have a problem with this? Art is subjective. There are millions of people who love and relate to this painting just bc you don’t doesn’t mean it’s bad? Just keep moving
I'm not American (of any kind) but I find this an interesting commentary and modernisation of the old picture. Not just for the immigration commentary either but the other things which are modernised in the picture eg the cleaning products she uses and the car in the background. Brings some of the older themes/the picture up to date so that it's more relevant/immediate for modern audiences.
This is amazing. Honestly, when they say "a picture is worth a thousand words" this is the kind of picture they meant.
As a Latino, the constant stereotype of Latinos being maids or construction workers doesn’t nearly bother me as much as the left constantly using it and applauding how hard Latinos work just to virtue signal and show how woke they are
Ugh.... how fucking boring
At least they have the Astrovan right.
This makes me want to see an entire series like this. Would be a fun photography project.
🎵Immigrants, we get the job done!🎵
This made me cry. Coming from immigrant parents and being a first generation college graduate, it reminds me of their hard work and sacrifice so that I could achieve “The American Dream.” I am proud of who I came from.
The title is the only thing thats really setting people off. I'm sure if the name was like "Mexican American Gothic" than all these trumpers wouldn't think that its about how mexicans are replacing white Americans and more about the lives of Latino immigrants living in the states.
anyone else reminded of their parents?
There surely will not be a racist shitshow by shitty people in the bottom of the comments here.
Hardcore agenda pushing in the comments. Much astroturfing. Wow.
It should have a half dozen kids peering out the back of the van.
I feel like this is bordering on r/im14andthisisdeep territory.
The Making of the Perfect Martini, Guy Buffet, Lithography, 2000

This reminds me of an old flash game where you were a bartender that had to make the perfect drink. Good times
Where did the vodka come from?
Idk if it’s supposed to be funny but I giggled. Love it.
Kovacs: "God damnit Poe. I asked for a Whiskey, not a Martini! You better fix that damn bug of yours!"
The making of the perfect martini:

#1 use gin, not vodka

#2 drink the gin
The biggest issue I have with this is that there is no way the perfect Maritini has fucking Absolut Vodka in it.
Isn't this literally an ad for the vodka?
Reminds me of a Wes Anderson scene
Any other Canadian people recognize this from every Boston Pizza restaurant in the early 2000s?
A proper martini is stirred, not shaken. Bond was wrong about that one. Either way, this is still a cool piece. Is it an ad for absolute?
My favorite part is his hair being messed up in the final frame.
I would love to have this.
I really like this. The style and the fact not much art of this style incites laughter. Top work!
Martinis are stirred not shaken also the perfect martini is made of gin.
Perfect martini is made with gin not vodka.
So, There are lots of things right about this picture, and then lots of things wrong with this picture.  First of all, the trick to any good cocktail, is to vigoursly shake it.  Seriously, the harder you shake it, the better it will taste. Its chemistry.  However, because of the chemistry factor, you are not supposed to shake every drink.  You only shake drinks with citrus, cream, or coffee.  Most Martinis don't have any of those.  Most martini's are stirred, not shaken.  Thats why James Bond always tells his Bartender to shake the martini, not stirred.  James likes his Martini's in an atypical fashion.
Nice work looks amazing, I'm wondering if this it's an Ad
Love how his hair subtly changes
I'm a collector of this artist. Have a range from original works to Williams-Sonoma trays. He has done a fair amount of commercial work. Absolut and Perrier Jouet, etc. This is one of many cinematics, more here- https://www.lahainagalleries.com/guy_buffet/cinemati.htm
A perfect martini is stirred
With Absolut? Nah, not the perfect Martini.
How can it be a perfect martini if he isn't even making a martini?
Vodka doesn't go in martinis, though.
This is genius!!!! I love it
I goggled and giggled. Adore this piece!
Reminds me of that soul eater anime scene


https://youtu.be/kYAU1CVhLQI
Nice work looks amazing, I'm wondering if this it's an Ad
I don’t know why I find this adorable (the last panel with his hair a lil messy and a faint smile) lol
TIL Guy Buffet was a jokester.
The making of the perfect martini:

1) use gin, not vodka

2) drink the gin

Edit: don't shake gin
You better start making Anime
Me when I shake my salad kits.
This is SO begging to be a meme!! XD  


I giggled too. :P
Looks like he is beating Donald Trump to death
Is this Edgar Allan Poe from Altered Carbon?
What does Vodka have to do with a martini?
Fun art! I make mine the same way - vodka and bowtie. 

Traditional martinis are made with gin and stirred - vodka mo' betta!
As some one who works in a bar, this is EXACTLY how we look
Nice detail on his hair in the last panel
"Shaken... not stirred" -some bloke
I can see Vegeta vs Goku in there
Perfect martinis are made with gin not vodka.

Heathens I say.
Looks like he's wrestling with the perfect grilled cheese
>Making the Perfect Martini

>Uses vodka

I think this name is not appropriate.
Very good artwork but as a bartender, martini can't be hard shaked. You may stir or soft shake. The name of artwork would be different :)
The lithograph is beautiful: the contrast between the still and motion is breathtaking.

It is also heresy: that is clearly vodka in the picture.  A Martini is made with Gin.  Gin and Vermouth.  And I do mean Vermouth, not the vague implication of Vermouth created by rubbing the glass with a single drop or whatever other nonsense has taken hold.  Specifically, if one is making a Perfect Martini - instead of a sweet or dry Martini - one uses equal parts sweet and dry vermouth.  I'm not personally a fan, but I'll take it 10 to 1 against Vodka in a pretty glass.

I will die on this hill.  In fact, as I am working from home and have no meetings or urgent work, I think I shall arm myself with my home bar and spend the next several hours dying on it.  Just me, Cambridge, & Del Professore - fighting to the bitter end.
Hum... I wonder if I have some bitters...
Nice art. Terrible Martini.
Absolut is the "perfect" martini? Bruh. Also, I can clearly see you've shaken it for too long.
First of all, to make a "perfect martini" you wouldn't be using vodka at all, and secondly: you sure as hell wouldn't be using Absolut if you were making a "perfect vodka martini".
Hey! I don't see him stirring it.
If you're going to use vodka to make a martini, don't use absolut.
no gin means it's not perfect :)
This is an awesome art piece but I'm a bartender and can't help but point out you don't shake aartini.

This one is obviously for Mr. Bond
Wow he really beat the devil out of it
Nonsense. The recipe for the perfect martini is as follows:

1. Combine 2oz vodka and a bar spoon of vermouth in a shaker tin with ice.

2. Stir.

3. Pour that shit down the drain.

4. Grab yourself a nice bourbon.

You’re welcome.
But absolute is terrible vodka
Oh, so to make a martini I only need to phase out of reality, good to know
I love the painting, other than the fact that he’s using vodka and not gin and he shouldn’t be shaking it.
Why does he have a Vodka bottle if he’s making a Martini? Nonsense.
This art is beautiful, but my technical side needs to note that a proper martini is never shaken, only stirred. The goal is to achieve a crystal clear presentation.  

Source: I was a professional bartender before the world decided to shut down.
Every bartender in a James Bond movie be like:
i swear I've seen this at a Boston Pizza or something
Is the joke that he made it with vodka
I actually laughed at this
This is like a meme before memes existed
I feel like this is a an ad
This shitty ad is NOT art
I was high and thought I was hallucinating when I saw this. Beautiful art piece!
Vodka martinis are for plebs.
There is no absolute vodka in the perfect martini...
Grand Budapest vibes

Nice job 👍
This reminds me of those violent, blurred memes and how it goes from calm to 10 abrupt panels of shaking back to calm is hilarious.
This genuinely made me chuckle 😄
Weird, I have these images on a set of small plates.
Dude this looks just like a meme
Slightly related: in the james bond books he drank it stirred not shaken. For the film they decided it sounds better the other way. 

Personally I'd have it shaken because you have a more watered down vodka which frankly, I dont like xp
Love the detail in his hair in the last frame
Reminds of the [bartender in the anime Soul Eater](https://youtu.be/kYAU1CVhLQI).
is this some kind of Futurism?
I have sifted through like 30 or so memes just looking through all the media I've seen today and this is the only thing that has made me laugh.
Why did he become pale? If you compare the first and last image......
You should do this same movement piece for when Donald Trump gets asked any question by the press.
Thank you! This used to hang in a restaurant years ago that has since closed. I always meant to take a picture of the painting, and then one day it was too late. I never expected to see it again.
But you're supposed to stir Martinis
i love that his hair is messier in the last frame
This could be a good meme format
My grandparents had this framed in their house! I always remember laughing at it and thinking it was funny.
The mussed up hair in the last panel is a nice touch..
Suddenly I want some Boston Pizza.
I used to collect these Absolut photos out of playboy and rolling stone for my college walls. I thought they were cool.
Pretty cool. Reminds me of some of those earlier dada artists that did stuff like this, showing the concept of movement and change in a static medium.
You don’t shake a martini unless the person expressly asks for it.
There’s so much emotion in the shaking
My brother in law had this hanging in his front room about 10 years ago. Amazing piece.
I think this was in my childhood Boston Pizza before the renovations.
The 4th pic looks like trump grabbing his hair
Who wouldn't wanna drink that..
I want this framed on my wall.
If I could paint this is what I’d be painting
Is this an Ad? It's great either way, but no one dressed like that would use Absolut, especially for a martini.
Martinis are meant to be stirred. This guy is bruising the alcohol
This was a martini for Mr. Bond apparently.
makes me wonder, is there any point in mixing behind your head, left of you, etc?

wouldn't be the same if you just mixed it in front of you?
i’ve always loved this piece :)
There's something I love about classically painting a comic strip. This is incredible.
I want this. This is really hecking cool.
nobody shakes a good martini !
This looks exactly like the style of a painting hanging in a SF bar showing the bartender making Irish coffee.
This is absolutely brilliant!
I think the “perfect” martini would use a non terrible booze.
This has a live laugh love quality to it but I still like it.
shoutout to when this piece was in like every boston pizza ever
The best martinis are actually stirred, not shaken. You can blame James Bond for the confusion. Try a stirred Vesper some time!
This reminded me of Calvin and Hobbes for some reason.
You found it! I love this painting and it was in the local boston pizza until they went to a more "modern" design(ugly). I never learned the name of it as a kid though so thank you
Saturn Devouring His Son, Me, BALLOONS, 2021

Mod here.  For those unfamiliar with the original:  

> ["Saturno devorando a su hijo", Francisco Goya, Oils, c. 1823](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/Saturn_Devouring_His_Son.jpg)

> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturn_Devouring_His_Son
Unbelievable skill with the balloons, recreation of image, composition, lighting, photography skills. One of the most unusual but exciting mediums I’ve seen! All sublime stuff, bravo! Thanks for sharing 👏
this is a fantastic piece. absolutely ridiculous medium for a recreation of one of the most disturbing paintings ever but it does an astoundingly good job of conveying the emotion of the original
Imagine being 4 y/o and seeing this at your birthday LOL
Hilarious and terrifying. Exemplary work.
Based on the painting by Francisco Goya.
While many compliment (quite rightly) the sculpture, I have to say, the staging and photography are masterful in their own right.  Thanks for sharing.  If there was an album, that would be an added bonus.
Learned a couple interesting things about this painting in a recent "New Yorker" article.

1. The original was painted on the wall of Goya's home, along with 13 other examples of his more disturbing work. Must have made for fun visits! 

2. It's speculation that it represents Saturn eating his son. Goya never gave it a title or represented it that way.
his son was thicc

awesome work!
Pretty sick! If you don’t mind me asking, what led you to balloon art?
You make for an amazing artist but a terrible kids birthday clown.

“I want a balloon princess crown!”

“Nah. Played out. Here’s The Flaying of Marsyas.”
You must be fun at parties.
Somehow this feels even more terrifying than the original. I guess because the worked balloons plus the amazing lighting reminds me so much of distorted muscle. Astonishing work.
I was NOT anticipating to see something like this in my life.
sometimes the OC on reddit really delivers. this is by far the best balloon art I've ever seen. no question.

I look forward to seeing this every few months while others use it to farm karma.
One of the most famous, emotion inducing paintings of all time... in balloon form.

This is why I love the internet.
Are you primarily a balloon artist? What other works have your done in the medium, it’s really fascinating.

As you were saying in other comments I think there is something about the short lived nature of a balloon art piece that is unique and itself a poignant commentary on the ephemeral nature of art and aesthetics.  

I imagine if there was an exhibit of your work it would look different to viewers at the beginning of the week vs the end.
Now do “The Garden of Earthly Delights”! If you’ve never been The Prado is amazing. Las Meninas would also make a cool balloon sculpture.
Higher mind: Wow this is a cool and unique piece.

Lower mind: Heh, bubble butt.
Looks like something from Attack on Titan.
Super cool medium...great work.
Also check out this version with kirby eating a waddle dee https://i.pinimg.com/736x/08/f5/18/08f51809b1220ec1cf0ada61ac28579c.jpg
That son had buns! Great work! I can’t imagine myself doing that , i would have popped the balloons so many times
This is quite truly stunning! I love how your mind works. Please keep us abreast of your new work. You’re subversive and talented it’s a great combination.
The talent, the staging, those cheeks, the reference, the Saturn of it all, you devoured it son.
I love this new Renaissance of art this quarantine has caused.
Terarre did u eat a fucking baby???
Boy had some clappin cheeks tho.
Excuse me what the fuck. Good piece though I guess.... I definitely feel....  something unpleasant. ._.
Those squeaky bubble but cheeks <3
This is dope. Son’s got an absolute dump truck of an ass too.
Somebody get this artist a gallery exhibition! The contrast of the subject and media combined with the temporary fragility of the work really speaks to me.
I really just want to know how big this is. Like imagine this in person size. Truly horrifying
Perfect for birthday parties!
If this becomes a movement I want to be in the screenshot!
For some reason this reminds me of Tetsuo
I have never before seen serious, moving art in the balloon medium, nor did I know it was possible. Seriously amazing work, thanks for sharing.
I don't want to meet the kid that requested this.
Makes me wonder what Mrs. Saturn looks like!

Shoutout to Goya! (P.s very nice work that looks wicked hard)
How many dicks does this guy have?

Art 10/10. 5 stars.
This looks awesome! 

One of my favorite things about the medium of sculpture is taking advantage of the three dimensions by viewing them at multiple angles.  Could you share any other angles?
Actually really damn good. This is made IRL or with a program or paint? Because it looks very amazing lol.. really recreates the OG painting!
Insane, in addition to everything else I love the lighting of it.
You made me see the art in balloon art. Stunning work!
My favourite painting made even more disturbing.
That's.... Very disturbing.

But you are also very talented in balloon art.
I am gobsmacked, mate! This is truly astonishing.
Saving this post so i can award it when i get my free award
Do you do events and weddings? if you don’t, then you should seriously consider it! Well done
Some of the coolest art I've on seen on reddit!
One of my favorite pieces
good god man!!!
[this is incredible]
So how big is it?  Do you have a banana for scale?
I feel this on a visceral level
Can someone explain what's going on here?
I’d like to see “The Ghost of a Flea” in balloon form.
YOU ARE THE PREY AND WE ARE THE HUNTERS
And on that day... humanity received a grim reminder
Wowsers, this is amazing and instantly recognizable to anyone who has seen the painting; great fucking work! This is the first time I have ever thought; "Balloon animals are cool." Thanks for sharing it!
This incredible for balloon art, I fucking love it. You should definitely try to do more balloon recreations, this so cool and creative.
Very weird. It looks like it took quite a lot of time and effort, not to mention practice to get to that level. Impressive work op!
1. Jesus Christ that’s something
2. What’s the scale on this thing?
Amazing adaptation. Goya is a very interesting and uniquely styled artist. It’s funny to see something this brutal in a “light” “fun” medium. 

How on earth did you get into balloons?
These are the wires in the old server room ...
This looks like a balloon version of the only picture of Tarrare
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarrare
This is hilarious. Golddddd.
I fucking love the internet
1 of a kind, awesome work! Keep it Up!!
I am absobubblutely impressed by this. I would’ve never thought about this medium but it works fantastically. Love the detail around the mouth/half masticated son!
Those two round balloons OMG
Aaand that's enough reddit for today. 


Seriously, how long did this take you?
Just fucking horrifying. The balloon aesthetic makes it that much more so.... idk why it just does 🎈 he floats too.
"Hey, what'd you do this weekend?"

"Oh I recreated one of Francisco Goya's Black paintings of a Roman titan eating his child, but with balloons. how bout you"
That is amazing. 

I have so much respect for you, the effort, and how this turned out. I see the painting as if it is superimposed on top.

Really nice work!
This is a fantastic piece you’ve done- great work!
Bruh imagine just asking a clown for "whatever" and getting this?
"Heres a poodle for you, and what would you like little boy?" 

"Saturn Devouring His Son!"
This makes me extremely uncomfort, but I think that's the point.
Who could’ve predicted that a post of a balloon art recreation of a masterpiece painting and the accompanying comments would be the most thought provoking thing I would read today?  I certainly couldn’t!   Well done!
It’s super rare I actually upvote something in this sub, but this did it for me
with an ass like that, you can't really blame him
The craziest part is there is real terror and pain in those ...balloon eyes
THIS IS THE COOLEST THING IVE SEEN ALL WEEK OMG!!!!
10/10 would come to your exhibit, should you ever have one.
The lighting/framing make a huge impact.  You are very talented in many ways.
Ok art is sometimes achieved through examining what our brains write off. "Jupiter eats his son whole" and our brains go "yeah weird but that's how it be sometimes in old books" then bacon goes "no but really think about it" and we are like "whoa art". And then you make this. it feels so much like you are making fun of how our brains write stuff off. Like the medium is so irreverent. I think you did something really special here.
  
Edit: aw shit it was goya, but maybe do bacon next!
I may now officially have seen everything..& holy moly, the glutes!
I know that you're probably done seeing the 1000+ comments, but I just wanted to say that I really love this. One of my favourite paintings, and I especially enjoyed seeing it now that I recently got back into doing balloons (literally this month) after my niece saw a video of me doing it at my own birthday party when I was twelve.
In case you're wondering...

*FEAR OF BALLOONS* is called Globophobia.
I just imagine squeaky balloon chewing sounds....
Cronos* I refuse the Roman names
I feel like I should save this image on my phone to show people but also, I don’t want this one my phone. Amazing work.
Somehow it’s exactly as terrifying as the original.
I recently learned that Saturn Devouring His Son is one of Goya's "black paintings," which he painted on the walls of his house during his final years, sick, bitter, and despairing. They were never intended for public viewing; if Goya gave them names, he never told anyone.

Which is to say, it's just someone's hopeful guess that Goya was painting a scene from mythology.

Notably, the children Saturn devoured were infants; he swallowed them whole; and the victim in the painting looks like it could be a woman...
This creates a bizarre mixture of emotions. Yes, the medium is ridiculous, and the original has some unique use of light that cannot be matched.

But this has a hyperrealistic, almost *sinewy* quality to it. It replaces the vague lighting of the original with an almost muscular effect.

The only place where this effect doesn't quite work is the eyes and mouth. The eyes look a little cartoony. And the pronounced black lips are lost in translation. (At least, that's what I always took them as.)

Weird, but definitely interesting. And very technically impressive.
This belongs in r/nextfuckinglevel for sure
This thumbnail had me very, VERY confused for a second and that title did NOT help.
Looks like … a blow job. 
I’ll show myself out.
That's the weirdest erection I ever had. Thank you Op
bro, wanna make a quick $10? Download Fetch Rewards. use code J2VP2 for $2 and SCAN A RECEIPTS for $8!!
[deleted]
How frigging stupid is this. Mindset of mindless, warped youth of today.
Plenty of brilliant exceptions but posting this garage is really sick.
Cool but where does it's go when it's done being art? More plastic waste.
This is so cool.


All I want now is a slo-mo of the balloons popping.


More art....win win
Fantastic work OP. Do you think you’ll continue this medium.
This brings me so much joy!
You are a god amongst men
I made a parody of this too! Are we cool now?
Ok that's objectively impressive
Breathtaking; I’m sure it took a lot of breath
This is the kind of balloon animal that the clown from It would make.
This is the most hardcore ballon art, maybe ever
No wonder he took a bite out of his son, that boy looks like he is made of cake.
This is really cool, dont think im insulting it...

But what the fuck
“I want a picture of Saturn devouring his son.”

Mom: “We already have that at home.”

Saturn devouring his son at home:
This is cool af! I love mythology and all the weird ass stories that go with along with it.
You don't by any chance know Buster Balloon?
I must admit, at first I didn't see that it was dangling legs at his crotch. :|
This is one of the most magnificent things I have ever seen....genius.
Wow! Question... Do you do birthday parties?
somehow even more unnerving than the original, excellent work
I never expected to see anything like this here. Phenomenal.
Wish someone would eat me out like Saturn is doing to his Son.
Oh man this is amazing. Made me laugh. Thanks for posting.
I feel like i have seen something i shouldn’t have ( i love it 10/10
This is more horrifying than the original for some reason.
I cannot explain how much I love this
More Balloon Goya!

Holy shit, I didn't know I wanted this until it was already done.
Holy fucking bones! You're a bona fide fucking G! All those years of shit on reddit turned out to be worth it for this alone! I love you.
The idea of a Birthday clown presenting this to a crying child has me crying with laughter.
i love that  
if i remember saturn was that original god/giant that ate his kids right?
You should make a mold of this. It's fantastic.
Ooh ooh, can you do the Cannibal Corpse - Eaten Back To Life album cover next?!
This is excellent!  Is there some sort of spray fixative or similar (varnish or epoxy layer?) so that it’s durable?  Really cool work.
This might be the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Simply amazing! Almost as amazing as seeing the original in person at the Prado.
I'd pay good money to see you make a chinese dragon out of balloons. Omg or a peacock. Now I wish I knew how to make balloon shit.
It’s insane and beautiful!

Now blow it up like Jeff Koons!
Is there a way for you to preserve this without the balloons deflating?   
This is majestic and amazing and I would hate for it to shrink.
Really cool! 
How big is it? Looks terrifying
Incredible! You captured the original work astoundingly well!
Dude, this is incredible. I've been scrolling your submitted posts for more, but it's not enough. Do you have a portfolio/website somewhere with a collection?
This is extraordinary. Thanks for sharing.
Interesting choice of medium
How in the hell did you create this beautiful monstrosity
Do you perhaps have an affinity for parrots?
Never seen anything like this before. Amazing!
You, my friend, have extraordinary talent.
Part of me feels like this shoulda been NSFW. Not complaining or anything its just fantastically disturbing which seems like a hilarious thing to say about balloons.
I want this in my dining room.
This is the best piece of balloon art I've ever seen! The similarity to the original painting is so impressive!
I never woukd have even remotely considered the possibility of using balloon art to recreate something as terrifying as that painting.

Well done, absolutely impressive. 10/10 would go to a museum with your balloon art recreations of classic paintings.
This whole concept is incredible!
all I can say is wow. amazing work!
Nice work conecting horrifying an funny things
I guess he never heard of sandwiches?
Thought this was goro eating someone that wondered into his lair for a sec
hahaha this post is exactly why I am subbed to r/art

awesome work
Amazing.

Also, this is what I look like drunk eating taco bell.  Hopeless and ashamed yet content.
Pretty much as creepy as the original!
Holly crap this is epic! One of my favorite paintings! (Though in my defense I have like 100 haha!)
...wow. Great work man! Don't know how you thought to do this with balloons... but I'm glad you did!
Sucks to get eaten by your Dad Op. Stay safe everyone
This is one of my favorite things I have ever seen on reddit. You're the best
This is absolutely blursed. Great job. Have a poor man's gold. 🥇
Somehow this is disturbing and comical at the same time.
Balloon kids got some fucking hams though
Never thought balloon eyes could be so emotive. 10/10
Always thought it funny how in this piece, Saturn seems to eat whichever child that is by ripping him apart, while in the myth he simply swallows them whole as a baby, which is how he is tricked into eating a stone instead of ~~Seus~~ Zeus.
Saturn was probably jealous of all that cake his kid had.
Absolutely fantastic piece, as many others have said quite terrifying but comedic. My mind is truly vexed trying to figure out how I should feel about this lol.
Wow I'm speechless, this is just top-tier art
Few things give me pause but this did. Great work
Please OH GOD WHY WOULD YOU RUIN BALLOONS FOR ME, NOW I HAVE A NEW PHOBIA!!!!!!!!
You are seriously talented! This is incredible
Now *this* is avant-garde.
I can do a ballon dog. And a hat.
This belongs in a sealed glass tank in MONA Tasmania. It's brilliant!
The way Saturn looks in this reminds me of how the Hunters are described in Halo....also why'd you make his son so thicc

(A bunch of individual orange worms merging together to form a pair of behemoth monsters with big ass plasma cannons on their arm)
This may be one of my favorite pieces I’ve seen on this subreddit
This is Top Tier. Even the effects look spot on.
Stephen Hawking, Rama Samkari, digital, 2018

What was even better is that he did get to dance in zero gravity when he was alive.
[deleted]
From space dust we come, to space dust we go. This is such a beautiful tribute, and here's hoping that he teams up with Carl Sagan, Nikola Tesla, Albert Einstein and Isaac Newton to go beat up Thomas Edison.

Edit: HOLY FUCK THANKS FOR THE GOLD WHOEVER YOU ARE
Really? This is how I find out that Dr. Hawking died?...damn
Floating up from the bottom of a lake or alien abduction? You decide

Edit: had not heard the news. First post I see today. RIP. 
Fly high Hawking...fly high
That's really beautiful, i love how this man has captured the hearts of so many people, you just have to look at /r/all/ today
This is really, really lovely.
There’s a Starman waiting the sky.
Godspeed Mr. Hawking. The Earth is a better place for you having been here and this picture encapsulates the feelings of a whole world that hopes you have gone on to a better place.
You have no idea how high I can fly.  
Stephen Hawking was my 9 year old nephews hero. Seriously. This kid idolized him and spoke nothing but him everyday at school to his teachers and friends. Anyways, my sister texted me me a bit ago after she broke the news to him and she said it went like this: 
“I went and told Chandler. He sat there and had a soft smile. Some tears came out and and he gave me a big hug. He said, he doesn't need the wheelchair anymore. And wiped his tears .”

This image is perfect for my nephew and will be sending it to him when he wakes up.
[removed]
Is this not seen as poor taste?...
As an atheist, I’m a shamed to be associated with a lot of these commenters.  

If this is how the artist wishes to show their respect and appreciation of Mr. Hawking, then I have no problem with it.  

Stephen Hawking did not believe in a God, yes, but he certainly did not believe in being an asshole.
Man I feel really sad without really knowing him but just reading about him.
Honestly not trying to troll...but I don't think Mr. Hawking believed in anything that would involve him ascending to anywhere. Still a nice picture and sentiment though. 
That's gorgeous bro.  Brilliant color pallet :D
This isn't Stephen Hawking. Look at the wheelchair, the glasses, the hair, the body in general. Even though it's only a silhouette you can still tell it looks nothing like him. This pretty clearly just a painting of a disabled person escaping their wheelchair, which is fine but trying to play it off as Stephen hawking for karma right after he dies is pretty shitty
Ah yes, because Stephen Hawking was well known for his long flowing hair, thick-rimmed glasses, and manually powered wheelchair. 
I saw somebody on Twitter who got mad at a piece of art like this because they said that depicting the dead Hawking as able to walk was ableist.
Meanwhile, /r/Art reaches new lows
Thank you Stephen Hawking for not only teaching us about the universe but for being an inspiration to all of us.
I think this is disrespectful based on his beliefs.
ugly *and* cliche, and the top all-time post in /r/art. Looks like it was painted in facebook's graffiti app.
OMG is that how he died? Someone pushed him into a tacky magenta lake that looks like a shitty watercolour where he eventually drowned in mediocrity? Who would do such a thing?
Except he didn't use that kinda chair eh? A cynical mind might suggest that a semi relevant image has been used for some karma whoring?
That signature is placed grotesquely. 
Thank you for this. It's beautiful in every way
[deleted]
Honestly this seems kinda disrespectful to his views but he's dead so he can't really object to it anymore. 
Nice to see people aren't missing the opportunity to profit from this man's death...
I find it ironic. To be consistent with his materialist beliefs you should have painted his dead carcass decaying into bacteria fodder. 
Trying to get free internet points over someone's death... good job OP
Not even well done but better cash in on that dead karma! 
I really hope he wanted his ashes sent into space like Sagan. 
Doesn't feel like Hawking to me. For one, as someone who didn't believe in an afterlife it's kind of out of place, and for another he didn't have a normal wheelchair. The wheelchair is important because he grew very connected to it. By now we've had much more sophisticated speech synthesis, for instance, but the heavily electronic speech had become his voice and he wasn't willing to part with it. That brings me to my final observation which is that his chair wasn't a burden tying him down- it was an extension of his self which allowed him to express his mind and explore the world. What you've painted makes it seem like the chair was his burden. If there's one message that he'd want to share with other disabled people I'd imagine that it would be that the chair is not a burden at all.
He appears to have been an atheist. I doubt he would approve of the implication that his death freed him. He fought very hard to stay alive and keep contributing at a very high level.

I'll eat the downvotes on this. I think it's in poor taste and I don't like it.
Feel like it's kinda taking advantage of Hawkings passing if you ask me, easy way to get karma
[deleted]
I usually paint portraits and artwork concerning pop culture icons and celebrities, just so I can fish for upvotes when they die
I thought he was a profound atheist though?
Good thing there wasn’t a stairway to heaven
Can't help but think this evokes "The Great Gig in the Sky" by Pink Floyd
Such a coincidence that it's also PI day.
I thought he was a profound atheist though?


"I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark." -Steven Hawking
leave it to humanity Stephen, to do shity art for publicity hours after your death, rip.

[removed]
He was an atheist, not believing in anything beyond dead

Still very nice
That’s absolutely beautiful.
I really hope there's some cosmic afterlife.
"I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark." 

"I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. [...] We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful."

Stephen Hawking
I've never seen someone so desperate for karma that they'd speed paint...

Like always, a celebrity dies and Redditors find a reason to post in unrelated subs... 
Beautiful but Stephen Hawking was an atheist so I’m not sure he’d conceptually approve. 
That's.. that's incredibly lovely. 

Thank you for this beautiful piece of art that you provided so quickly. I think it provides us with the adequate emotions to think in honour of Stephen Hawking today
You painted this oddly fast
Farewell, Mr Hawkings

May you rest in peace 
Why won't those fishies help the poor drowning wheelie man?
I've known about him for a long time but after watching his movie years ago, this man became one of my idols.  To one of the most wonderful minds to enter our world, rest in peace Steven Hawking.
Moment just before spaghettification.
“I have lived with the prospect of an early death for the last 49 years. I’m not afraid of death, but I’m in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.”
RIP
This could be interpreted as him being pulled into a black hole.  Fitting. 
Considering how much he loved the freefall flight, I'm sure he'd love the sensation of leaving his chair like this. The background has a very water-colour feel as well, and the colours give a great impression of him moving "towards the light" as it were. Got a link t the artists gallery, OP?
Back in grade school I remember sitting in history class reading about all these different yet spectacular people who lived hundreds and even thousands of years ago. The hard part wasn't picturing the famous figure, it was piecing together the everyday citizen who lived and breathed alongside them. Now, maybe in a thousand years or longer, some kid will read about Stephen Hawking and his amazing journey through life. But this time it's neat to think that they will be trying to piece together what our everyday lives contained in them. 
this is how I learned that Stephen Hawking died.


He will be forever immortalized as "Sorbitol, Maltitol, Xylitol, Mannitol, Calcium Carbonite, Soy Lecithin, Vegetable-Derived Glycerin and Talc," but for expediency's sake, you can call him "Gum."

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ULVIUI4djk
I am time. 




I'm forever. 



I'm free.
Died on Einstein’s birthday...
He will be missed. He was truly a great man. He had a full life, I believe. Despite his limitations he thrived beautifully. This art is beautiful.
*windows XP shutdown sound plays*
That's cool, but since he's an atheist he's not gonna be doing anything close to this.
Time for this hawk to fly.
[deleted]
Tbh if I spent over 50 years in a custom wheelchair I’d definitely grow attached to it, probably name it and all. Even if I could suddenly walk I’d totally keep it around and place it at the dinner table. 
Rest in peace, SH, you defied everyone and everything and made the world a better place. 
This is a beautiful tribute to him. It's a shame we are losing so many of the greats. 
Reminds me of the poster for The Shape of Water
Did he pass away ? Holy shit, I barely knew his work. A friend of mine always talked about his books. I was always amazed about the things he told me, but I never got to read them.

R I P
What does a star do? They shine.
Wheel Chairish him forever RIP
As someone else pointed out that was really quick kudos friend
did the windows shutdown sound play when he died?
Should have painted his talking apparatus floating near by
Artist's Twitter : https://twitter.com/ramaoughly

Behance : https://www.behance.net/moshi-moshiii
Reminds me of this grave stone:

https://imgur.com/gallery/1bxd33B
Who rolled his wheelchair into a pond?!
Paint me like one of your physicists
This concept was done before . Fucking stolen and fake.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
[deleted]
Drowning to hell if you flip it
Nice art work. Stephen Hawking didn’t believe in god or heaven.
Nice but it feels the idea was borrowed from this grave

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/07/31/ability-found_n_5638567.html
Spiraling up through the crack in the sky


Leaving material world behind


I see your face in constellations


The martyr is ending his life for mine
A bit mystical for a physicist.
The timing of this piece is great, but it's pretty awful.
I think he didn’t believe in God or afterlife. He said humans are like computers that just break. If anything he would be in a trash bin right now.
Everyone who upvoted this has no understanding of Hawking.

He spent a large part of his life trying to tell people that there is no life after death. To me, this image is the highest disrespect you could show his legacy.
Imagine if he's still crippled in the afterlife
Did you start painting this the moment he died? 
Cause he believes in this trash
I get it if it's sinking into the depths, but not if he's rising into some unknown.

SH was an atheist, if there ever was one. 
Pretty quick don't you think?
I don’t think he’d go to heaven because he didn’t believe in god
This is the absolute worst birthday news I’ve ever had. "For we are all made of stardust, and unto star dust we return." - The world glows slightly dimmer today and I hope we all appreciate this man for all his life’s’ work.
This is stunning! Such a thoughtful way to pay respects and remind everyone that he is now one with the cosmos!
Signature placement fucking ruins it.
Post is five hours old, image has been copied, cropped, and altered, and is already all over fb. 
I really loved this. Keep up the good work Rama!
He's an atheist, so no Heaven for him.
That's so beautiful, amazing work! 
Mother, Me, Digital, 2019

I love that the Roman numerals on the clock don't make sense because you're at that point where time all starts to blur into one big exhausting blob
Great technique of blending the breezy and slick 1950's advertising feel with a purely modern and up to date theme. Well done!
Beer before liquor never been sicker.
Liquor before beer you’re in the clear.
Wine before noon use a cup
The yoga pants with a couple of holes are a nice touch. 🙂 Very cool.  I like it!
This 100% looks like the Mom from GLOW.
I really like your art style
A buzzy bee! Now we know you’re likely from New Zealand. Lovely illustration.
My god, what window of my house are you looking through?! This is my life.
That’s not realistic, she has something crossed off her todo list.
nothing says keeping it together like drinking wine while breastfeeding
Brilliant! Can you do a stay-at-home dad version?
Ah yes, the point where you decide to start wearing slippers around the house to avoid having to sweep/vacuum/mop was a depressing one.
This looks like it could be art in Fallout
You should make this into a fridge magnet and make BANK off of the 30+ y/o women that would go absolutely ham for this content
You should absolutely post this to /r/beyondthebump
14 months postpartum with 2 under two, this is like a modern day Rosie the Riveter for stay at home moms. We can do it!, barely and rather sloppy, but we can!
Buzzy Bee and lambskin slippers - I spot a Kiwi influence here!
For a lady who recently had a baby, she is in excellent shape
Damn, i love this. It's always cool with details come in the longer you look at a piece. Excellent work!
Very reminiscent of (don’t take this wrong - probably even derivative) of Norman Rockwell’s Saturday Evening Post magazine covers including the updating of the subject with the same sense of gentle humor.
I know someone going through this kinda thing. Should I show her this? Lol
Do you have an insta or something that I can link if this gets swiped for Facebook tonight?
I am genuinely surprised that nobody has been ruining this thread crying about the fact that there is a breastfeeding mom drinking alcohol.

Also, very well done and love the style.
I'm gonna be the one creepy comment that admits I find this kinda hot.
[removed]
Is it just me or is she dummy thicc
Can't tell if this is modern or old and i love it! great work.
Her heel being turned so much bothers me
Fallout world would be proud. This is some good 1950s style.
Parents of middle income America: You'd be surprised how affordable having someone come clean once or twice a month is, leaving the heavy cleaning like bathrooms and stuff for them. It's a pretty big burden off your shoulders and the cost is worth what you gain in peace of mind.
Today, as a stay at home mom to a 9 month old and a 3 year old, this is speaking to my soul.
This is great!

Though she doesn't look nearly haggard enough!
My favourite part of this, and there are many great parts, is the glass of wine while breastfeeding a baby.
I'm a stay at home dad. I feel this picture.
Amazing! Could you do us full time dads a Father one?
Wtf why is she drinking wine and breast feeding
Ritalin for the Energy.

Zoloft for that smile on her face.

And Xanax and red wine to relax after a hard day.

What can go wrong? Happy mother, happy family!
Who leaves their pile of laundry in a kitchen backed up with dishes?
She had time to put earrings and makeup on
Ho wow!! Beautiful! I see myself in your painting!!(and my house too)
It's really bizarre to me how celebratory people are about alcohol, especially women with wine.

When did alcoholism become so damn cool? I don't mean to be a party pooper, but this image made me sad before anything else. If the girl wasn't pretty and smiling, literally everyone here would see the ugly beneath this picture.

To the artist, very well done.
Oh god she’s going to step on that toy and slip and bust her head oh lord, and the baby is gonna fly out the window oh Fuck!
I love how the numbers on the clock are irrelevant but clearly lets the viewer know it has 5 o'clock somewhere for quite some time
I love the art!  It invokes Norman Rockwell, WW2 era pin-ups, and modern feminist humour.  Brilliant.
Looks so cool and Fallout-y! You captured the 50s artstyle amazingly well!
I got super excited when I spotted the buzzy bee!! The quintessential toy for kiwi babies🐝
This is amazing! Great work!
Dude. This is amazing. I feel this. Add a briefcase in there to add in societies expectation for us to work full time during all of this too. Ha.
Arw, and a little Buzzy Bee ready to trip over. 

Love it!!
3 months post partum with my 3rd, our house is 90 degrees (hot for here) and I am sick. So this was beyond relatable. Love it!
It's crazy to think we used to be able to do anything we wanted.. all day!
This is absolutely brilliant. My only wish was that the make up was slightly smudged or slightly on her teeth haha
As a mother, do you encounter very difficult cognitive tasks, or is the difficulty mostly stress/emotion related?
I love how at first it (when I saw the top of it) all looks like she's ok, but when I looked more I then realized how she really is barely keeping it together. This is great art!
Holy hell, I am so into this. Everything about it!
Missing microwave, cell phone, dish washer, Chinese takeout, iPad, a breastpump...aaaannnddd Amazon box. USA version.
if that wine was white and the mom a bit chubbier that would absolutely be me.
As a breastfeeding mom to a teething 11 month old, I really feel this in my soul.
I love the circle window. I want one.
Did Green Day happen to influence this piece at all, with their song Still Breathing?
This looks like it belongs in fallout somewhere. Amazing.
God i love this type of artstyle
Awesome...

Also BUZZY BEE!
This is awesome. My wife will either appreciate it or cry (and then probably still love it).
I really like this! I would probably trade the red wine for a smart phone, though, or maybe a cup of coffee.
This looks like Fallout 4 advertisement
hi, You are clearly very talented and I will look forward to viewing your future creations.
You should do a series of these, where you reimagine old pinup for the modern woman! This is great and I’m honestly surprised I’ve never seen something like this before because I love pinup art, but even modern ones just do the same stuff as the old pinups. This is brilliant!
It gives me Fallout vibes
Feed set down clean feed again. Chill
I love it. So deep. The 1950ies advertism style. The 2019 'typical' house. The beauty in the dirt. Her perfection surrounded by this imperfect mess. Breast feeding and red wine... I LOVE IT!
Still kept her figure though.
The 1950ies advertism style. The 2019 'typical' house. The beauty in  the dirt. Her perfection surrounded by this imperfect mess.

She looks like a pinup because that’s how moms should feel.
It almost looks like it could cover work for G.L.O.W.
She looks great for just having a baby.
just wanted to compliment your composition; it does a smashing job of keeping my moving in so many interesting directions.

my ONLY minor critique is there's so "much" dirt on the blue cabinets - it keeps pulling my eye down. 

I was first thinking just tone down the "amount" of dirt on the cabinets, but now I am curious to see what it looks like without any dirt on the bottom blue cabinets.

Very well done OP
A lot of talk about whether it's safe to be drinking wine while breastfeeding.

The clock says 11:50 and the sun is out. Unless it's a Norway summer, it's not even noon yet. She's a new mother probably going on maybe an hour or two of sleep. That shit is gonna send her straight to snoozetown.
This is so fucking relatable....this is my life. Well, except for the dog and the hot bod. I have a mom bod with plenty of stretch marks.
You have an obligation to post more shit buddy....   It is needed.
Heh, I'm a pro illustrator and the comments in this thread are like soundtrack to my life. Anyway fantastic piece, good call on softening the detail of the background and making her the focus. I love that she's breastfeeding... You have to do all the shit while breastfeeding and eventually you forget you're even doing it...like when you open your front door for a delivery.
I love this so much.   Seriously perfect!
As a SAHM of 3 with my youngest still breastfeeding, I felt this in my soul. Great job! ❤️❤️
she looking for a step dad or what👀
Very cool. Fits the tone of the Fallout series.
I love this soooo much!! I’m not even a mother yet I feel like I relate. Great job OP!
why is her occipital bone 4 times the size it should be?

🤔
Damn she doesn’t clean very well
Yo but seriously don’t drink and breastfeed the alcohol gets to the baby and it can be bad.

Thanks for coming to my TED Talk.

Edit:

https://www.cdc.gov/breastfeeding/breastfeeding-special-circumstances/vaccinations-medications-drugs/alcohol.html

Sorry, you are wrong.
Drinking and breastfeeding is not good
Got confused when I saw my kitchen in this piece.
That's beautifully made and the vintage / modern days mix is awesome!!! I love it!
So awesome. Nicely done lovely style. Painterly with still being clean and legible
Clicked for the thighs that save lives
And when your mother-in-law comes over she will always have something to say about the house not being in show room condition.
This is up cool! Are you on IG?
Great job mate! You got an IG or artstation link I can follow?
I keep looking at it, and all I can think is "Super Mom!" Adorable, fun, and fabulous! Love everything about it!
As a first time mom in exactly this place right now... thank you. This is life now.
Impressive work! Thanks so much for keeping this style reliant. Love it.
I love everything about this!
This was me with my first born.  Nursing him and stirring something on the stove and talking to my husband on the phone!  I remember I was holding the phone with my shoulder and head.  We didn't have a dog.  Good times! lol
You shouldn’t drink wine while breastfeeding, pro tip
Never understood how taking care of kids and a house were difficult.  I took nearly a year off of work and took care of my daughter, did the shopping, laundry, prepared the meals for the day and cleaned all before the price is right was in in the morning.
Dude, everytime you post art I stalk your account to see what else you've posted. Every. Damn. Time. 

I love that you aren't stuck in one medium. This one is especially great!
It looks like the 1950s because of all the 1950s aesthetics. What if the background was modernized slightly to include a smartphone, a dishwasher, and a tablet to contrast the two periods?
We have a 2-month old and a dog. This hits close to home and I LOVE IT! Funny and excellent work! Thanks for sharing.
Love this and the fact that my 9 day old is currently keeping me up being a lil but grizly
I relate to this as I'm nursing my 1 year old. I miss when she was that smol.
The juxtaposition of idealized style with real life, messy subject matter feels very Norman Rockwell to me and I love it.  However, I feel like ultimately the message of his stuff is that sometimes life is a mess, but in the end it will all be ok, and kind of ties up the messiness with a big nostalgic bow.  This is like the opposite of that, like it's saying everything's going to ok, but actually, no, I'm not really sure if it will be, but maybe let's pretend for a second that it will.  Excellent compostition, love the style, and I dig what it's communicating.  Thanks for sharing it.
Did you reference this Supergirl cover by Stanley Lau? https://www.amazon.com/SUPERGIRL-Rebirth-Stanley-Artgerm-Variant/dp/B078SN333Z
Thanks for reminding me to call in my birth control lol.
I deeply connect with this art hahahah, this is my life right now :/
There's truly something eye catching everywhere you look in this piece. I love stay abreast to modern art.
Read "Barley" for a sec. Thought the dog's really keeping it together.
Drinking whilst breastfeeding, definitely the 50's
Reported: I’m in this and I don’t like it.
/s was clearly needed.
[deleted]
"Endgame", Microsoft Paint [1978x1316] [OC]

This is incredible, I love the idea of taking a simple software and using its potential to the maximum.
This is my very first post on this subreddit. Usually, I do not post in such subreddits, but since this artwork took me so long (almost two weeks), it would have been a shame not trying to share it to a greater audience. Hoping this would raise some kind of interest, I know that MsPaint isn't a medium that is looked up for its potential in the making of detailed artworks. [Reference image](https://i.redd.it/f6i1d7rj2f7z.jpg).

Edit: thank you for the gold!
Fuuuuuuuck. This is like playing darksouls with a guitar hero controller. 
are you a undercover marketing genus for ms paint or something 
[deleted]
This is unbelievably great. How long did it take you?

[All I could ever do was this...] (http://pad3.whstatic.com/images/thumb/c/cd/Create-Your-Own-Desktop-Backgrounds-with-Microsoft-Paint-Step-4.jpg/aid650882-v4-728px-Create-Your-Own-Desktop-Backgrounds-with-Microsoft-Paint-Step-4.jpg)
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A PHOTOGRAPH. WHAT IS HAPPENING. 
This will be the cover for Microsoft paint 2020
In MS paint I can draw a very convincing worm...
Wow, this is awesome! Thanks OP!

I'm blown away, your work is a marvelous use of the tool! We appreciate you sharing it with us. This post is skyrocketing so I just want to remind people to review our sidebar, and to be sure to follow our rules for commenting, they can be found here:

>http://www.reddit.com/r/art/about/sidebar

We're looking forward to your next submissions <3
I would have hired you at Sega in the 90s and people would be making YouTube videos about your legicy. You were born at the wrong time man.
Holy Shit that was on MS Paint??? Nice job, love the reflections on the street
What do you mean Microsoft Paint? I refuse to believe.
You should share this with r/PixelArt.
/r/mspaint
Sadly it's a relatively tiny subreddit, but I'm sure it would be greatly appreciated there.
You should record your screen the next art on paint and do a time-lapse of it
Well this is the best thing I've seen all week by far. Good job op! 
If you zoom in you can see each of the little pixels. This is incredible work and getting the reflection on the wet street to look right is stunning.
Yeah I would pay for this print
Ms paint.
Ms.
Fucking.
Paint.
I'm in fucking awe.
I've been just staring at this pic for more than 2 mins now. I just wanna say thank you OP. 

Your painting brought me back to almost a year ago when I was at New York, it was getting dark and it started raining, the street and the light looks just like this. The air is so refreshing and I was having a great time. Everything made me feel happy. Now I'm sitting at my apartment in California, facing the hottest week, my long time girlfriend just left me 3 months ago. I've been having a hard time ever since. 

This pic all of sudden brought me back to that evening in New York, everything seems so beautiful and peaceful. What a great work!

Incredible job! Please post more, and if/when you are equipped to do so, you should do a timelapse video showing your talented process. Would be an instant hit for sure!
This guy has some Paint Skillz! Thanks for the share.
The best I've ever seen. So fitting, amazing work!
Am I reading this right? Microsoft Paint? Best I ever did in Paint is some squiggly lines and occasionally a car. Much better at Photoshop, lol.

This is incredible OP. How long have you been using MS Paint and how long did this take you? I imagine it gets a little quicker (more efficient, rather) once you get used to it all.

Again, amazing work. Floored me.
So pissed they're dropping this. Such a quick tool. 

My line of work is similar to law enforcement- I use many of the same tools and applications. Part of my job is to observe a decision making unit (DMU) without making any contact, or letting them know I am there. 

I use paint exclusively to quickly build visual profiles, combining screenshots of data to photos and other forms of medium, regarding my observations.

I wonder if MS even considers the vast range of legal uses that MS Paint is used in. If or when Paint vanishes, I'm not sure what my department will do. This is crazy. 
"There's no fucking way..."

*zooms in*

"Jesus christ"
Holy fucking shit

Amazing 
Beautiful. Reminds me of an elftor strip in which a character dares to mock MS Paint and then gets killed by an ultra detailed MS Painted Gandalf.

http://www.elftor.com/images/elftor/strips/112/elftor112-3.gif
can you paint this on minecraft should be the real question
I still think you are a fiber.
No fucking way this is MS paint. 
You Hal Lasko's granddaughter from the future or somethin?
[removed]
I'm not quite old enough to remember the time period referenced in the image but something about this picture triggers a very pleasant nostalgia in me.

I can't be sure but I think it's the neon reflections on the rain slicked street.
Holy hell! You deserve an award!!
I can't decide which one I like more, this or the Polandball one. This is incredible!
i like the mercedes logo. didnt expect to see any detail on the grill
One word.    


I don't believe you 
how did you make that in paint? 
Fuck off this was not done in paint there's no way look how good it looks holy shit
My goodness, is that really MS Paint?.

Wow, congratulations! It looks fantastic.
It's like batman in Gotham 
Wow, was this really done using Microsoft Paint? This is incredible, keep up the good work! I'd love to see more of your work OP. 
When you zoom in it reminds me of the dot guy with the park. 
The internet finds new ways every day to show me how much talent I lack.

This is incredible.
There's so much stuff I love about this. I love wet cities at late nights while illuminated by lights. Bravo!
Wow, how did you do this??

The best I could get on MS Paint was a badly drawn dog that looked like a potato with legs!
This is crazy! I want to follow you, do you have an insta account? 
It's amazing what people can do with microsoft paint, wish I had skills like that :)
Holy shit that's incredible 
Approximately how man undos
From one MS Paint artist to another, well done!
break the deal, and face the wheel 
This is incredibly awesome.

With a Microsoft product, this is a true work of art. I had to do a double take at first to check and see if this was, in fact, paint. 
You did this using paint? My respect
I don’t believe this. And I thought I was good at paint. 
"Smoke weed every day" hehehee that took me a while.
Uhhhh... p-paint? How the fuck?
Good god... Didn't realize his was even possible in paint.
Your art work feels right out of Edward Hopper's paintings (especially Nighthawks, which happens to be one of my favorites). So beautiful.
"Nah"

*zooms in*


"Oh ok then"
"You can't paint shit with MS Paint!"


*sees picture*


*curb theme starts playing*
Night rainy scenes are quite the thing these days.
It looks super realistic until you zoom in, kind of weird how pixels work like that 
I was like 'no fucking way' and then I zoomed in and was like 'no fucking way', but in a 'I know it's real but this is so damn good' kind of way.

Way.
How was this made with msft paint 
Literally 5000 hours in MS Paint
me: "hey this is pretty cool"

me: *notices that it was done is MS Paint

me: "HOLY SHIT"
Please link to a very old oicture of central amsterdam.
how tf do you think it would be **REAL** impressive
I refuse to believe this was made with MS paint.

*it's too good*
My first thought was "don't fucking lie to me" 


then I zoomed in. 
I love how you gave us the full resolution image. The embedded version looks almost impossibly good, but when you blow it up, you can see the signature anti-alias-less mspaint edges. 
I had to zoom in to see the fine detail.. I just thought this was a picture taken outside on a rainy night. 
I can't believe this. Simply amazing!
This may sound dumb. This reminds me of the game Another World/Out of This World.  One of my favorites. The environment is completely different but I see some similarities. Amazing job!!!
I refuse to believe anything this good looking was made in MS Paint.
This is absolutely beautiful! Kudos on your dedication
I just scrolled past and upvoted then went 'wait i wanna look at the background closer' thinking it was acrylic! This is super cool! I love paint r.i.p
This is beyond amazing. Great work!
What the dicks, this is so good.  Amazing painting skills, do you traditionally paint?
Take this to the semantics dome
This is amazing. A testament to impressionism. 
Wha-what! This is the stuff that needs to be put in a museum, not "my rock collection in glass."
i would print this and hang it on my wall
Wow. This is just unbelievable. What am amazing job. Please continue your good work. :)
May I say that I actually really like this piece of art, it brings me an odd sense of peace and the car in the front really makes the piece "pop". Frankly, this is just an amazing work of art! Good job brother! Couldn't help but wonder, are you Dutch?
Wicked art, looks like the world is melting and a flow of water. More so the mind of art flow.
That's not a painting, it's a picture you silly goose. 

(Seriously, that's incredible. I hit ctrl + v and pasted copied text in a word document one time. We are so awesome at computers dude!)
Do you have those electronic pen pads? I'm sure that made this a lot easier, I used to just use the fucking mouse and pretty sure I have arthritis 
Really? Come on guys, I thought we were BEYOND Thunderdome..!
Holy shit I have no talent. 
Hot damn. That's impressive. 
This is really good! Nice work! 
That is actually amazing. Good job
Have to be honest, I thought this was a photo
This is just one of those pictures where you say "holy shit, that's awesome"


You fucking wizard. Hogwarts art projects aren't allowed in this sub.
Holy fuck. Is this an original drawing or were you copying an existing photograph? This is incredible.
You have really cool style man- why do you call this the "endgame"?
I know this is stupid but why did you leave out the parking meter but draw the reflection on the ground?
Wow, great job! I actually had to zoom in to tell the difference
Amazing amazing work. Please link to a site if you have one or the actual file. This needs to be my wallpaper
My god.. You're an animal.
The title of this painting makes me think that youre involved with some gang stuff in the 50s and they caught up to you and parked in front of you. 
...But why?

Wait, are you the guy who makes the books? I can't believe there would be more than one person that still uses MS paint for serious work.
Is there any way to resize this to 1024*768? I know its a weird resolution, but that's what my moniter works at.

If there's a way, I'll resize it myself I'm just asking if there's a way
r/hibbbbbaa this is mind-blowing
Beautiful! I'm taking it all in while listening to some [jazz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctuG_wo1Zkk)
Man this so is rad, well done!
Holy fuuuuuucccckkk. This is amazing. 
Where did this erection come from? This is sexy! 
This is downright incredible. 
W O W!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Epic man! 
What brush or open did you use for this?
Wow. Just fucking wow, dude. 
This is fucking awesome and I can't imagine how hard it must have been to execute. Well done.
Considering I can't draw a circle in real life - this is amazing. 
T1 viewers, stop going through my post history you losers 😡😡😡
This is amazing! I love the water on the street 
Oh damn this reminds me of NEO Scavenger so much! Art style and relevence to the game!
in an art gallery, my spray paint against the black surface will probably sell for more
Get the efffffff.... I don't know what to say.. that's incredible work!
Beautiful!! What's the story behind the title endgame.  Very interested!
Paper inspired, Me, Digital, 2020

This is amazing. I'm a fan.
This is pretty mindblowing to look at.
It's like paying homage to your imagination as a kid. Brilliant work mate!!
This is neat! What a cool talent! How did you create the paper in the first place? Just scrunch it up an let it fall? Or did you find it somewhere and it inspired you?
Love doing this with my ceiling pattern! I’m glad I’m not the only crazy one.
I think this might belong to r/PareidoliaArt
This is so neat! Such a creative idea. I could see this concept becoming a new Internet craze amongst artists.
I'm definitely stealing this technique for when I don't know what to draw, this is amazing
What does it feel like to be so talented?
Wow this is fantastic and the implications are amazing. You could look at almost anything and draw inspiration. Imagine the possibilities with plants and leaves and dirt etc.

Thank you for this, sincerely
I am going to use the rat with a backpack of mushrooms as a writing prompt. Thanks for the inspiration!
It could also be a mouse crawling out of the pelicans mouth
Man, this is a concept I’ve wanted to tackle many, many times and for many, many years. And I’ve just never bothered. I have a trove of photos of absolute nonsense where I thought to myself “seriously dude, you need to draw out every crazy design you see in this” and yet... I don’t.

Glad to see someone is putting the process to work. And doing a fantastic job with it.
I love this!

I used to scribble lines and the fill in the spaces with whatever I saw. This is like that but 10,000 times better.
Took me a while to see the rat but now I see them all
Bullshit. Clearly you drew the cartoons first and then carefully wrinkled the piece of paper to resemble all three. Sneaky you.
Super neat idea and great execution!
YES.  for warmups i do some sketches on top of a photoshop cloud generation layer.  really gets the brain ideas flowing
I love it, where can we see more?
This is so cool!
I used to do stuff like this when doodling in class as I'd stare at the ceiling etc.
Wonderful work and creativity, my friend.
You did an absolutely great art! Full of imaginations and creativity in it. I really like it.
I’m in no way an artist of skill, but I love doing stuff like this. Draw random lines or have someone else draw them and see what kind of picture you can get out of all the chaos. Love what you did here!
This is so great! What a great experience to view that art! Thank you man I saw something original today - I'm super grateful.
I used to always see faces in crumpled things and ceiling patterns and stuff. This is so cool, I always wanted to draw them!!
You're really talented! Love your style!
I thought that this was a repost but it isnt, i just saw you on r/drawing too
Not sure wtf is happening in the bird one but I definitely see it in the crumpled paper.
I sketch and paint with acrylic. I do a lot of concept art work but FUCK man these always knock my socks off. You're so talented for seeing such diverse things from the same source.
I'm late so I doubt anyone will see this, but is this a thing people do for art inspo ever? I'm no artist, just an in-class-doodler from time to time, but when I'd get bored I would make a random scribble on the page and turn it into a character or object or something. I'd just stare at it til I saw something. I couldn't just do it by drawing what's in my head (I suck), but I've come up with some pretty cool shit just by looking at abstract scribbles. I'm sure I'm not the only one.
Please keep posting these! I loved your last one too.
wow, your brain works like mine... i’m so happy i saw this post. i used to do something like this all the time as a kid; just close my eyes and scribble wildly onto a paper and then try to find images in it. you have incredible skill.
Please make more of these! I’m following you now.
I did this kinda of thing back in high school, I'd close my eyes and just scribble really fast, then use that to find images to draw from it, was a lot of fun. You do great work! Keep it up!
This one is even better than the last.
I love the creativity. Awesome job!
The fact that you can focus on one thing and draw it and then focus on another image of the same thing baffles me! This is splendid good job
Wow this is incredible! Well done
Amazing work! I hope you'll do some more. Don't ever do Rorschach's test though.
This is a really interesting approach to test out your creativity. Definitely helps seeing things in a new perspective. 
I'm gonna try it out someday. Thanks! 😁
This is interesting and beautiful. Thank you for sharing! Would love to see a series of sets of three like this.
Cool! I loved your duct tape one you did last week. This is awesome
This, strangely, works as a political compass.
Fucking brilliant. Do you do clouds?
How high are you when you make these?
This is awesome stuff. What a great talent you have.  All the best to you.
Can someone post all three on top of each other with the opacity lowered?
This really amazed me! Wow, such great skill. Wish I could see so much more of this!
Based on that mouse drawing, I think I know what gave you inspiration.
Now I can't stop seeing the rat climbing into (or out of) the bird's mouth.
This is some of the best art I’ve seen in a hot second
That's paper? It looks like some kind of fabric.

(Great art, by the way. Very creative.)
This is something I should start doing too awesome!
I see a hero playimg the piano with a top view
I spot it all.
I do the same thing, others claim I'm crazy.
(that's a discussion for a different s/reddit)
What do you can? I‘m a talented paper knicker! You’re approved!
I love this! That is a great way to get past figuring out what to draw.
These are so fun! Thanks for sharing them.
Holy shit. I can see how you got to all three of them.
The last one looks like a pelican taking a bong rip
Wow! You can really see all of them when you look back and forth. It's like looking for the shapes in clouds.
This is amazing! My cousin who is an amazing artist will scribble very lightly on a piece of paper with his pencil then he’ll see something he likes in his scribbles and will bring it to life. You artists truly blow my mind.
It’s as if Frank Geary became a painter instead of an architect!
I notice things like that on my shower tile! Thats awesome though that you can actually draw what you’re seeing.
Omg I love the mouse one sooooo much.
Very inspirational, ima try this myself
You busy have that michaelangelo brain where you can see a sculpture in  rock.
In the middle: turtle smoking a joint. Holding the joint at the bottom. Smoke all around.
Creative people are amazing.
Somebody get thomas kuhn on the phone
Now all I see is a seagull choking on a mouse.
I need more. These are great!
This is actually really cool.
This is as cool as your duct tape post, looks awesome
That mouse, the story you can see in just that picture alone is awesome. Keep up the hard work.
This would be awesome with wood grain
Wow thats really fucking awesome
Love how someone is always finding something in a tree
Please keep this series going!!!!!!
I don't get the top left image is it a picture of some cloth?
Is that rat made of mushroom?
https://www.reddit.com/r/PareidoliaArt/
This guy gives the people what they want
damn you're drawing the weird crap i see in things all the time but have zero ability to draw. this is awesome haha
My mind's eye exposed.  I love it!!
i love how all of these interpretations can be seen. our brains really do some crazy recognition shit.
I always crumble paper and unfold the sheet to look for wrinkles that look like faces or landscapes to get the mojo rising.
looks lime the dad from
coralline
This makes me think back those moments when you’re a kid looking at the clouds. Fantastic art <3
I don’t know man… I think that rat is supposed to be holding a sword! Seriously though, love what you’re doing. It’s really cool.
I really like this. Please more.
I’d like to know more about that rat.
My favorite series on YouTube is Andrew Huang’s “4 producers flip the same sample”. It’s just as the name suggests, 4 music producers are all sent the same sound clip and they all make a song using it. I’d like to see something similar with art (not to say music isn’t art, I just don’t know what to call it) where multiple artists make a piece out of something bland and turn it into something beautiful.
Amazing dude, such vision is a rare gift.
So that’s where inspiration comes from
You put into drawing what I and many others have done as kids staring at patterns and shapes on the floor, the walls, etc. Right in the nostalgia feels.
This is inspiring even for music production. Really helps visualize the interpretation of different perspectives..
Wow you truly have an eye! These are amazing!
The fact that I can look at each drawing and back to the paper and make out exactly what you were seeing is really frickin’ neat, great work!
I do the same thing. I find so many drawings in random things I stare at. I draw them in my mind but you have the talent to actually bring them to life. Incredible.
Nice. Had a hard time finding the outline on the last one.
Now I see a bird eating a mouse!
What a great creative exercise - I need to try this!
wow this is amazing. pulling inspiration from abstraction!
Used to love these exercises! Great work!!
This is one of the greatest things I have ever seen. You are really talented! And extremely creative. Good job!
Amazing. Took me a bit to see the mouse
I can see all of these pareidoila and wish I could draw what I see too
True creation. I would love to see inside your mind.
Rat is the best one because it builds a world. Rat clearly a kickass mushroom hunter.
Once you see it you can’t unsee it👀
This is so cool. Looking back and forth I can see your drawings come to life in that crumpled up paper.
This is fucking cool and I want to do it now
Seriously, though, it’s just a thing.
Me trying to make sense much anymore.
You’d be a good dude to go cloud watching with
That's really fucking cool, man!
Turned 90° counterclockwise, you can see mr. Krabs sailing a raft on stormy seas
Next, you should do this with clouds. They’re pretty interpretable
I don't comment often for this kind of work but you are really talented. Thank you for sharing your work
this is literally r/secondsketch content :)
Yo, this is an awesome creative exercise. Good work here!
That's awesome. I had to wait for my mind to shift to see each one.

I used to do something with similar when doodling. I'd just scribble a bunch of random lines in pencil and then use a pen to find a sketch in the lines.
Damn, this is actually pretty fantastic work Op. good stuff
It's beautiful
I've looked at this for five hours now
This is so cool. Where can I see more!?
This is one of the coolest things i have ever seen.
You are amazing :)
I saw the duct tape one last week and wondered if it was the same artist, it is indeed! Well done
You truly have the mind of an artist.
This is a great drawing exercise. I do this too!
these drawings where you take something like a paper piece or a wood pattern and manage to transform it into 3 different drawings that we can all very well see inside said paper piece are really cool. it's like a visual version of that yanny/laurel thing
I can totally see what you saw in the appear so cool
You ever just look at the top drawing and then accidentally build out the culture of underground rat miners which see sunlight as a burden and mushrooms as the lifeblood of their world?
I’m sure it’s been said, but that is an awesome imagination/talent combo you have going on!
[deleted]
Love seeing this and your last post. Please keep going
Holy shit! I love these. I really liked your other one with the tape so much so that I saved it on my images but this one is also amazing art. I will admit I wasn’t getting the parallels between the paper and the mouse at first but then when I saw it, it made me smile.
You must be the best person to sit next to and look at clouds with, damn!
You’re so good at this! Followed.
Damn, I can see all of them. Good work!
My brain does this when I stare at wood grain for too long.
I see a man driving a boat with a big scarf.
I love how creative one person can be with a piece of crumpled paper
This looks a lot like some of the characters in Bonbon Land here in Denmark. They make a ton of hard candies with similar avatars on the bags.
My brain does this! I just wish I had the same talent to bring them out like you. I love this. Following!
Took me a sec to see the mouse
This is so cool! As a kid I would look at wood grain or textures and imagine fantastical creations. I didn't have the idea (or talent) to bring them to life. Thank you for letting me know I wasn't TOO weird!
I think the drugs inspired you løl
Looks stunning though, nice job.
Very cool I have always tried to let everything around feed my art and imagination nicely done
Wow that’s an excellent creative eye you have
That... That is actually incredible. I can see exactly the inspiration you got from that piece of paper haha.

I need more of these in my life
I sometimes do this with the stains that raindrops leave in the dust on my windshield, though im not as artistically talented as you :) very cool.
I absolutely adore these! Please make more!
I love stuff like this. I look at patterns in floor tiles the same way.
Holy shit I can see it all
I wish there were more. It’s like a workout for your brain. Really awesome!
I'm high AF and now I'm transcending with this post
When I was little I would let me hands go and make random lines with a pen on paper then I’d turn them into drawings
These are all so incredible! I really loved the duct tape one, too. I've never seen anything like these!
I used to do this with the creases on the back of my school bus seat in front of me
They say pictures are worth 1000 words...
Man, I wish I could upvote this like five times. This is so creative and awesome.
I'm taking the vape goose and using it as my Steam avatar. Unless that's not cool?
What do you use to draw with?
Upside down its a mean looking gnome with a cool pointy hat in an office chair.
Super late, but this is awesome! the first i saw was the man, but i also saw a snake with a hat looking at it some more.
Great imagination mate! And, good drawings.
Please don't stop making these
Million dollar question, which one did you draw first?
What an incredible talent.
Ngl these drawings feel like something I'd see in a newspaper
I wanna gather a couple of things at work tomorrow and send op a photo. Hair nets, masks, food containers.
See, i see things in random stuff, but i never take the time to draw
Life is very beautiful🤩 but you need beautiful heart too see it❤
Fantastically creative.  Post more please
Oh my god! I always wished to be able to do this i often see patterns on surfaces or objects but i am not an artístic person... Thanks for this! It felt like a dream came true!!
I see Nigel thornebeery in the second one. Idk why.
On no I liked a repost earlier
this reminded what it was like to be a child... thank you
I once told my siblings to look at the popcorn ceiling for drawing inspirations but they said it was a stupid idea. That's when I knew I was smarter than all of them.
This and the duct tape one are fucking inspired man! Love it
I see old man, oddly looks like a mouse, coming out of fucking throat/ mouth of bird.
Ah yes, my four friends: Blue fluffy paper, Shroom rat, Terry, and Vape gull.
The old man is really all I can see in it without specifically looking for those things you drew. What a fantastic imagination you have!
I like picturing the rat holding the bird’s mouth open like he’s trying to not get eaten
Why the paper look like flint lockwood's dad though?
I do this when I’m bored in a waiting room or something, I’ll just look at the tiles or anything with a texture and make drawings or characters out of it.
You have quite the imagination on you, look forward to more of these
It's amazing how I can see the images that inspired all of the things you drew, from the look of the paper (not sure if it came out right), but this is amazing!
You're this generation's  Da Vinci
My friend used to tell me to make a random scribble on a piece of paper, then find the image within it.

I suck at drawing but this is still something I do when I'm out of ideas.
The mouse took like 4 double takes to finally see. Brains are weird. Artists more so.
ok I will send you the address and you send me whatever you were on while this idea hit you.
great work tho thats fascinating
This is incredible! It’s amazing to see what others see and how they can turn it into something completely different. Really awesome job!
This is a great creative exercise! Kuddos
I cant stop looking at it !
Actually in awe of this, coolest thing I've seen on reddit in a while
Old bearded man, theif mouse, Bird who took a big ass toke
It took me waaay too long to realise what I was looking at.
awesome! you reminded me that before phones and shiz, i used to like staring at popcorn cielings or textured walls and find all these kinds of things as well. so many cool doodles i saw in my imagination. 

so glad someone is making actual art from this. would love to see more.
I wish I had one panel worth of your creativity.

Edit: If you turn it upside down I can see a heavily bearded man sitting on a cloud with some sort of ancient, ornate helmet. Also I see a flying bird with a fish in its beak.

This was fun!
That bird is gonna be high af
Do you have an IG with more stuff like this?
The human mind is so phenominal at abstract thinking it's scary.
That is so amazing! I could instantly see each one in the paper after seeing each image. Please do more like this, it’s so great!
I shouldn’t admit this, but I stared at this for several minutes trying to figure out the meme before realizing what sub it was posted to.
This style reminds me of Disney's The Sword in the Stone, The Black Cauldron, or the old Dragon's Lair video game, or any number of old cartoons I enjoyed as a kid. Does it have a specific name, or is it just your own thing? If one wanted to learn this particular style of drawing, where should they start?
It’s like abstract art in reverse
Thats so call, if anything I would have only seen the face, shows your creativity
Mind blowing! Fantastic work!
This hidden drawings is one of my new favourite things on Reddit! Please keep it up.
Damn, that's very creative.
Anybody else think the man looks like a future Tom Green?
It's nuts how your art makes our brains see those things in the paper that weren't there before
Awesome job! You can clearly see the inspiration on that crumbled piece of paper.
I wonder what inspired the other 2
That's some badass acid right there. Congrats!
Also a bird with a very fuzzy wing!
Top left reminds me of this [crystal guy] (https://youtu.be/OywFDW_DTLg)
The man kind of reminds me of Serj Tankian from System of a Down. I like these a lot.
This is like looking at shapes in the clouds x100.
Reminds me of looking at the same spot in the carpet and seeing different images. Love this idea
I think r/secondsketch would enjoy this!
You should do a combined version of top-left and top-right, where the duck and the rat are fighting, and the rat is yanking the duck's tongue 

Or maybe he's a duck-dentist idk his life
These are cool! Keep it up!  


Though in my head that rat-mouse has like a bowler or a cowboy hat when I look at the paper scrap.  In the future please be sure your imagination and artistic interpretation matches my personal viewpoint. (/s)
I both hate and love this. I love that i can see All of these in that paper shape, i hate that i didn't come up with this (or can draw like that for that matter)
Are you the same guy that did the duck tape one?
My favorite thing I've seen in a good long while.
This folks. Right here. This, this is what TALENT is.
Man I love these pictures! I just showed my wife these and your duct tape one and they are amazing. Well done!
This is incredible, honestly.

Hey /u/MrBrabbel,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Wow. I love this!!! I’m no Art major, but this is what I think of when I think of true artist skills.
you are a genius, i really admire you.
How much paper did you eat?
Wow. I’m an artist and this still legit gave me pause.
Holy crap... You have a gift my friend. Well done!
What the fuck this is how art works?
I use to see shit on my carpet like this. Glad I’m not the only one
Those really are amazing. I have to force myself not to see the mouse with all of them tho lol.
Is there a name for this kind of art? I used to do this stuff all the time in grade school.
This is so cool. What application or whatever do you use to create these?
Whoa. So if I crumple up a piece of paper and send you a picture of it you can just turn it into a buncha neat drawings??
This is legit.  I need to try this.  Thanks!
I like this. More please. ENTERTAIN US!
This is actually a really creative way of analyzing shape and implementing that practice into your drawings. Great job!
This is amazing, and it reminds me of a graphic novel by Matt Madden titled “99 Ways to Tell a Story: Exercises in Style”.

Much like what OP is doing here, Madden creates 99 ways to represent a pretty bland story (in OP’s case an object), and along the way discovers that each style of representation lends itself to differences within the same story. Just thought I would share in case others are as amazed as I am in OP’s work.
I very rarely give up votes! But this gets one
Could you do gravel/rocks or dirt/mud next?

Love you're content! Truly I inspirational to the creative mind
Sideways it looks like people going to a carnival
I see like that in weird stuff all day I wish I was as talented as you! Make us proud
This is so impressive. You’re very imaginative and a very talented artist to support that!
Wait, you’re that one guy with the duct tape!
Your mind is amazing.  Protect it at all costs.   Wear a helmet everywhere.  These are really great.

Partly cloudy days must drive you crazy.
Your work has been my favorite part of the internet for weeks.
I looked through your post history and your work is amazing! I’m a fan!
This is brilliant. Nice work.
You and u/MrBrabbel would get along if [this similar work by him](https://i.imgur.com/SWHDQZg.jpg) is anything to go by.
I can see all three separately in the paper. That's amazing work!
Fucking excellent!!  You see good.
Is there a sub-reddit for this kind of thing, cause I love doing this all the time.
This reminds me of a game I played in school with my best friend. One of us would make a single line scribble and hand it over. The other would find a drawing in it. We were both winners.
This post is too good not to be endlessly re-posted for Karma.

* Paper
* mouse stealing mushrooms
* man with bushy eyebrows
* pelican erupting smoke

Now future reddit detectives can use the fully functional reddit search feature to ... oh shit
This is similar to an art method I am exploring! Remember as kids in school when you’d draw a random squiggle and then try to make a picture out of it? I was obsessed with that activity. I absolutely love seeing your posts!
This is fantastic. Great work! I see more pics in there too...
bottom right is Chibahawk
I see a bird flying right as well
Looks like 90s style, I like it
Seems like a cool drawing exercise, I'll have to try this
I would LOVE to see so much more of you! It’s a super creative way of drawing new things with different outcomes. Really inspiring as well!
Full Moon Service, Photomanipulation, 8272x6200 pix

[removed]
Erik Johansson!

I KNEW this was your work as soon as I saw it. Fantastic piece as always. 

I enjoy your process from building the scenes to spending hours perfecting the digital manipulation. Your attention to detail is astounding, and I love the surreal and fantastical scenes. I actually cited your work as inspiration when I entered my school's Photo/Media dept. last year.

Please don't stop making art ! :) 


This is so cute. It reminds me of the book I Spy A Book of Picture Riddles!
totally unrealistic.

all of those moons could never fit in that van. :)
Flat Earthers will post this on Twitter in 3...2...
I really love the inclusion of lunar phases.
title says 8272x6200 but reddit says 1500x1125?

Any where I can get this at higher res that 1500x1125, preferably 2560x1440?

Amazing picture and I would like it as my desktop
This looks like it should be a Pink Floyd album cover.
This is art. This is what I'm talkin about. I'd give you way more fake internet points if I could! Well executed, original idea!
Reminds me of the pixar short "La Luna", wonderful piece OP! Keep up the great work!
Anyone try calling that number on the truck yet?
This is incredible. Normally I don't like edited things, but this is truly beautiful. I like the vibe it gives. Great work and patience!
This is amazing work. I love the originality.
I'm gonna be that guy and point out that the company is called 'full moon service' and the logo is a crescent moon.  Just sayin.  Fucking amazing photo though.
I can't explain why this gives me such a relaxed feeling
Tel +420... nice one, OP. 
Also great picture Overall 😊
You can buy his prints here:
http://www.erikjohanssonphoto.com/

Support the artist!
Is there anyone who can scale this for mobile? I'd love to use this as my phone wallpaper, if op is okay with it :)
This is amateur. You need to lift with your knees! Those moons are heavy.
[Reminds me of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jDsBQytINU)
It bothers me that all of those balls absolutely do not fit in that van.

Yes, in a photo about the moon being installed by a man on a ladder.
Title says 8272 x 6200, but I only see 1500 x 1125. Am I doing something wrong?
NASA according to flat earthers
Wow. Not seen anything like this before. Thank you for taking the time to make it. You nailed it. Thank you for sharing. 
I'm blown away.  This is incredible.  Very creative, and well done.  Pro af.
This is beautiful. Very calming.
Somewhere, there is a flat earther who saw this and thought it was proof that they were right.
From one photographer to another, I'd just like to say I can appreciate the tremendous amount of time and energy you must have put in to making this picture a reality. It's awesome.
The idea behind this is really great. Impressive execution. Love this piece. 
I don't know why but this reminds me of that scene in Bruce Almighty where God (Morgan Freeman) replaces the lightbulb. This is beautiful work tho!!!
Do you mean Photo "Moon"ipulation ? 
I would have liked if the vehicle was lager to fit the various moons. All the moons will not fit in the van. Maybe a moving truck would work better. But, the picture is great outside of that.

This is stupid. You can't get whole moons in a van!
This is incredible work! Thank you for sharing. 
I wish I could buy a moon like that
Nicely done! But I bet they called and said they'd be out to install your  moons between 10-4 but didn't show up until around 7:30.
Half expected them to not be wearing pants, to get the full moon effect.
These are the types of pictures that can flourish children's imaginations.
Wow, a lot of work and little details are put into this. Incredible job!! 
I've been following your work for years, this one's beautiful!!!!
Art is the only good thing about humanity. 
Can I save this as my wallpaper?
Looks like you've gathered the dragonballs. 
I want to buy it and frame it. Will it be possible?
Wow I love this. Just made it my desktop pic at work. You're awesome.
This would be an excellent Image Prompt over at r/writingprompts!
I'd like to have one of those in my house...
This is very cool! It reminds me of a dream I once had as a child, were there were people taking the moon apart, like a puzzle of some sort. Very very cool!
Explain that ROUND EARTHERS!

Checkmate.
Thank you for my new wallpaper 
new window default wallpaper!!!
the blood moon rises once again..
I don't really know that much about photo-manipulation, or photography, but I always found something off about photos like this. its almost like the resolution is *too* good... Does that make any sense? 
why is full moon service's logo not a full moon?
Don't show this to people that believe in the Flat Earth shit... they will be all over it lol 
Harvest Moon. Or is it harvesting the moon. 
Flat earthers be like "see told you its a light"
I swear, I thought this was going to be a NSFW post.
Truman Show maintenance team...
Lacks depth though. The person in the background is almost bigger than the car....
Wondering if there is anyone out there with a conspiracy theory that involves this. 
Inspiring. Gotta go back to photoshop 
There is no way that all those moons fit inside that van. 
Op, Erik, I saw a video once that you were showing how you make your art. I realized when I was scrolling through your photos on your page and saw the opening road. That's the one that you had been working on in the film. Was it a Netflix documentary or just a random thing somewhere else?
I can't get over how beautiful this is, it's amazing!
Where can I get the actual 8272x6200 version? All I can get is 1500x1125
WHY AM I GETTING NOTIFICATIONS ON THIS?

No offense to all you lovely users who are here enjoying this.

One more strike, Reddit app, and the notifications go off. 
I loved this until I realized that only about two or three of those moons could actually fit into the van...
I absolutely adore this picture, but it's really irking me how the company logo of the"Full Moon Service" is a crescent moon and not a full moon...
I bet they're popular with the werewolf population 
Reminds me everyday astronaut
This is really awesome!! kinda reminds me of Jeff Jordan.
Really liked the skyline. Almost seems painted. Nice work
That is absolutely wonderful!

Excellent imagination. Please do more.
This is actually my favorite post I have seen on r/art. Thank you for the new wallpaper.
What cheap assholes, some of those moons are clearly used! How dare they try and peddle them as new!
Photomanipulation, I like that term. should be a tag in the title of every picture on r/earthporn. Also awesome work!
Make a sun photomanipulation.

Waitint for it to end up on r/fakealbumscovers
Makes me wonder what those moons feel like
This would be the coolest album cover ever. 
It's awesome that Sweden can grow and replace the moon when necessary!
This is awesome! Great work OP!
Absolutely love this, have you considered combining long exposure/light painting techniques with something like this?
Where do i apply to do this job?
Shouldn't they be wearing gloves or something?
I can think of quite a few conspiracy theorists on youtube who'd have a field day with this image.
Omg - I hope you can sell this. It's that good.
This is what conspiracy theorists think NASA does
Can you post the full resolution somewhere? If you want, I can host it on fast global CDN storage that will not reduce the quality.
Absolutely gorgeous!  Reminds me of "[Lantern Bearers"](http://imgur.com/a/htxc7)  by Maxfield Parrish currently hanging at the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art.  
Sorta reminds me of american gods.
Reminds me of that animated short where the two guys have to clean up the stars in the night sky
I don't think all those moons are going to fit in the back of that van
Is no one going to mention that the full moon service logo is crescent moon on the van?
Hmm maybe someone should post this on /r/conspiracy and see what happens.
That is so awesome and inspiring! 
Sky projection looks pretty good tonight.
The moon is pretty low in the sky so I don't think it should be that bright and white until it gets further up in the sky. It should be the one on the ground that is second from the left
Now I'm waiting on the Pressed Ham service.
But won't this cause tidal waves and result in millions of deaths?!

I love the whimsical nature of the photo but man was not meant to meddle in all things.
This is amazing. Curious why the logo is not a full moon? :)
Love this concept, especially since I moved out to the country. but there's no way all those moons are gonna fit in that tiny van. 
I really like this great job!
You should have done the product shots for this company - [Full Moon] (http://www.hdeals.us/product/full-moon/)
This is absolutely amazing! 
Love your work Erik and the the "making of" videos! Where did you get the smoke bomb that you used during the photoshoot?
Color me impressed. The amount of love you put into this image is inspiring. Well done!
YOU SEE! I told you the moon landing was fake! TURNS OUT moon itself is fake...
Good work on the title game OP. "Full" Moon Service like it's a full service of the moon but they also service full moons.

Clever, very clever
The moon is my favourite celestial body. I'm glad I've found my tribe.
HEY! 

Put those back. They're not yours.
Sweet! Reminds me of [Jacob Watts's Building a Universe](http://www.jacobwatts.net/building-a-universe/). 
Beautiful photo!

Something fascinating about the moon at night is that its about as reflective as a blacktop parking lot. You'd have a hard time making the moon less reflective than it already is.
[removed]
I love it. It's very westworldish!
This only confirms what I have long suspected: the moon rising was staged!  

but really, well done - it's a striking image.  I love the idea of utility workers cruising around doing celestial maintenance.


Dont you hate it when the moon you want is all the way in the back....
I want this as my mobile backround. 
You can tell it's fake because that amount of  moons are too big for that van
Got that Parkeharrison feel
Love your photos. Reminds me of Rob Gonsalves' work, but the photography version. You have a incredible imagination! 
Great pic and super cool idea. 

Tighten up the lower hand of the model on the ladder. It's supposed to be holding the moon, but its in-front of it. 
I love this idea. Great work
Just gave flat-earthers something to rant about 
Guys, what if there is a second van offscreen that carried half of the moons???
I should not share this with my flat-earther relative - he might think it's real.
Holy Fuck dude this is amazing. Honestly this is fucking sweet!
Hate to break it to you but that truck will not hole that many balls of that side. 
So perfect for towel day too.
e








ftv

f

_bf4v
ffffv
y t
fb_




st f55fffff
f

ff

Haha f t

t




What
ff5_f
Your work is beautiful and really resonates with me. I'll be getting some prints. This is wonderful stuff - thank you so much for sharing it with us, and for putting in all the work it took. I appreciate it a lot.
How can i get this at 1920x1080?
This image lightens up my heart.
Please tell me it's not just coincidence that the phone number starts with 420.
Full moon service, bow chica bow wow
Oh god this picture is gonna create conspiracy theories!
This really calming for some reason. Like God sent his company to clean,reorganize, and "turn on" all the moons in the galaxy
The company is called Full Moon Service, but the moon on their van is a crescent moon? 🤔
Why is the emblem for the "Full moon service" van a crescent moon? 
This is amazing! I absolutely love art work like this, thanks for taking the time to make it and it with us! 
I'm a moontruther, it's a jacks film yiay joke
This oddly reminds me of the Truman show. 
Love how much work you put into the bts video as well, shows how much passion you put into your composites. I just spent half an hour on your site marveling at your work. Keep up the good work, you have another fan now.
Can you come and design my house? :D
Fucking awesome job. Great job 
How do they all fit in the van?
Is that Slartibartfast I see? 
I called the number on the truck. A foreign girl answered, I think Chinese. 
All those moons wont fit in that van :(
How did you make the moon look like a sphere? Did you just paste the pic on top of the ball?
Your art is AMAZING. I just started my career in engineering with an architectural and engineering firm. I've been wondering what I would use for my home decor. Think I found my answer.. Hope you do prints.
Why is the starting of the number +420 ?? 
MoonMoon!....MoonMoonMoonMoonMoonMoon &Moon..!
Just spent a good 30 minutes looking and contemplating through your pictures. Absolutely amazing!
Really creative man, I love seeing well thought out stuff like this!
Am I the only one bothered by a full moon service not having a full moon for their logo?
Full moon service

Has crescent moon as logo

Well played =D
Wasn't there a 1980s Twilight Zone episode like this?
This looks photoshopped. I can tell by the moons.
Thank you whoever you are for the new mobile wallpaper.
This is so fucking #deep and metallic
This service is done in phases
This is an amazing photo. It is mesmerizing. How did you do this? 
[deleted]
No I have proof dragonball happened on earth.
The very first second I looked at it, I knew that it was going to be one of my favourites of all time.

Perfect work.
Oh wow this is so beautiful!
This is absolutely one of the best and most jaw dropping things I've seen in a long ass time 5/7
Awesome work for sure...but now we're going to have people thinking that the moon is self-illuminating :( What would Neil deGrasse Tyson say?!
Anybody else read the glow in the dark book "Stars, Moon and Clouds" as a kid? Massive nostalgic moment! 

https://www.bookdepository.com/Glow-Dark-Stars-Moon-Clouds-Eugene-Bradley-Coco/9780307062536
Tiny Glowing Screens pt.1 anyone?
It's amazingly beautiful and stunning
They don't fit in the van. Are they inflatable moons? 
Nice work! This would make a sweet picture to go up over my desk at home. 
Amazing work! I love this so much. 
This is incredible work man, super creative. Keep up your hard work! :)
Incredible work, good job! Absolutely beautiful.... breathtaking... wow
I'd like to have one of these
So the moon really is a facade! Wow! This proves the flat earth theory :D
Always loved your work, second I saw this image I knew it had to be yours. 
Loved loved loved it, very creative!
Wow I just love this - how whimsical!!
Your hard work really paid off!! This is spectacular!!
Really outstanding work, thank you for sharing it and for sharing your process!
Screw faking the moon landing, they are faking the moon
Looked through your website and love your style!

Reminds me of Jacek Yerka brought to life.  Keep up the amazing work!
Moon thief!! It's no wonder there are problems in the world.. someones kicking the moons!
The attention to detail in this pic really is astounding.
Really nice pictures, but shouldnt the grass reflect a little shadow on the glowing moons?
This is awesome! Great work! Keep it up. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Two_Who_Stole_the_Moon

:V
Love it. But the van logo is incongruous with the business name.
This is one of the neatest projects I've ever seen.
Anyone else nothing that oddly suspicious area code on the side of the van? 
Still no view of the dark side. Of all the ones out could have shown the pyramids 
This is so pretty!! Gotta check out the rest
Bought Erik Johanson's book Imagine the day it came out. If any of you enjoy his work I'd highly suggest purchasing it.
Is there a way I can get this in 1920x1080?! This is freaking amazing. Good work Erik!
This is the kind of art I can actually understand people paying a good amount of money for.
How monkeys does it take to screw in a moon?

Anyways very awesome art! 
On a related note, tonight there is a supermoon :)
Really love this!!! Imagine an animated short where there are Moon Service teams changing the appearance of the Moon every night. Very well done :D
Really like that you included some of galileo's drawings of the moon in the back of the truck, great detail work!
was 100% sure this was going to be a butt joke.
This is really breathtaking :0
Reminds me of [this Roger Daltrey song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cad8qbeVRUo).
New moon is today at 7:44 pm California time
The van's phone number starts with 420. Coincidence? I think not.
That wasn't 8272x6200 pix. Were you joking?! Cuz that wasn't funny
Wow! Your work is amazing! Very beautiful and unique, I love it!
Excellent work and wonderful imagination at work here. So *that's* how we get different phases of the moon.
I dunno if you gave the okay, but I just saw this exact picture on ebaumsworld in one of their galleries. 
awesome - love how the red moon gives it a touch of warmth
Where can i get a moon hat like that
Not gonna trick me. I know those are dragonballs. I can clearly see the moon paint fading off of one.
You should definitely sell this as an album cover!!!
I called the number that is the side of the van and found myself talking with a guy called Neil...
This is great!!!! I love the little details, like the company logo on the workers' hats
I haven't seen something this good in a long time! 
This might be my favorite picture i've ever seen
I've given you an upvote.  Please give the moon back!
Better not let the flat-earthers see this.
Amazing photo! Cant stop watching your youtube channel now :p How did you learn how to do all of that in photoshop?
Oh, so THATS how that works, ok.
Keep up the great work! This is currently my phone background. 
The tools on the van door look at little two dimensional but, omg this is such a cool image.
Now this is art. The creativity behind this, the colors and dedication. It's museum worthy most definitely. 
This would be super cool to have made into a puzzle!
OH! Now I understand. We only get like one full moon a month. Must be because you have them all in Sweden!  ;)
I love this! The irony is also evident on the van-full moon services with a crescent moon's picture😊 
Riiight. They disguise it as "Full Moon Service", but what I'm seeing here is "full moon heist!" Look at all those moons they've stolen! We've got ourselves a top-level professional moon-thief ring here.

(Pssst... If you know the gang... I'd be in the market to buy one of those stolen moons. It's just the piece for my boudoir wall...)    
Oh wow, just when I think, sometimes, that there is nothing original. This is so wonderful.
Totally unrealistic.  How are they going to fit all those moon in that van.  J/K...nice job!  It's now my wallpaper.
wow this is amazing how ? ? how what ?

Man, that pic is beautiful.  Nice job. 
Oh, I love this! Very neat details like the moon cycle chart in the van. Thanks for sharing your work with us.
Looks like a Rush album cover
oh my god his pictures are beautiful 
How is this even possible?
Simple yet so much beauty in a video. Thanks for sharing
Probably the best picture I've ever seen. 
Can they put up a second moon while they're at it, like in Morrowind. I think we could all use a cool change in the night sky. 

Seriously fantastic image though. 
Erik, you out down yourself ONCE AGAIN!!! I freaking love your work
I was making a joke.. the men aren't actually loading moons into their truck
I love it! This will be my new desktop background :D
How do all those moons fit in that small van?
Reminds me of the Truman show
This is beautiful. I would love to buy it on a giant canvas to hang in my home. 
Such a feat is Only possible at 2 places.
In our mind & in art.
Such a pretty world help make it last for as many people as possible, shootin for a new world leader out America(north), bringin free life, transit, art supplies, gyms, and housing w work farming all over these abandoned sites, plus a new service, forced vacation, gotta see the world. Anyone is family we need to rep that heart for peace. Good day to you all
I freaking love this so much. I'd actually love a print of it in my house. So whimsical. 
Wow, looks awesome. Koenkies en Boeken. 
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 50,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit50k](https://twitter.com/Reddit50k) and subreddit /r/reddit50k!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit50k/status/867852801275084801

--------------------

^^All ^^75,000 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit75k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit75k

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^100,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit100k](https://twitter.com/Reddit100k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit100k
I'm absolutely in love with this photo, 
Wouldn't a new moon be dark or are they replacing the one in the sky?
Erik Johannson probably didn't give permission for you to steal his new photo manipulation....
I asked a couple of times in this sub.. But, is it possible to order a poster? 
Do you want werewolves? Because thats how you get werewolves.
INCREDIBLE (+1)!! I so want do be of those planetary lights,  where/how??
It's an amazing photo but why is the logo of a crescent moon? 
100 years from now, conspiracy theorists will have created a new religion from this picture. 
DUDE! Stort fan av allt du gör, trodde inte att jag skulle se dig på reddit. Tack för grymma bilder och för inspiration!

- Svensk som flyttade till USA för att plugga grafisk design. Du har säkert del att göra med inspirationen som krävdes för det!
Not sure if it's been asked, but what is photomanipulation? How is this done without photoshop? (Thats what ive gathered from other comments)
This is so beautiful and creative!  Keep up the great work!
This is honestly the coolest photography I have ever seen. I hope this post helps you sell a lot of prints! I'm going to work on convincing my wife when I get home 😀
Somebody was inspired by that Pixar short. 
Damn, that's some cool work man. Keep it up!
Wow I am in awe of this photo. Well done!
You instantly became my favorite photographer 
Where can I get myself a portable moon?
This is the best desktop background i've ever had!
I mean this as a total compliment:

I'm glad to have read in the comments that this was done by a professional and not an amateur. GTFOH, I've been a hobbyist photographer for over 20 years and when I saw this I thought *"AW HELL NOO, Please don't tell me someone with an iPhone and stolen software from the internet made this amazing thing!!"*

I would have been hating for sure, but now that I know it was done by a pro, I'm just sitting here clapping at this; amazing!!
every little detail is so beautiful, fantastic job!!!
WHERE CAN I FIND MORE PHOTOMANIPULATION ART???
Man, I love this! I also love the Mocn Service logo you came up with. Nice detail there
