Take your time, you got this

Them: I don't think I like this game.

Me: But you haven't even played it for 5 minutes and are still in the tutorial.
Then you leave them to farm the smaller creatures while you either wait or help them kill them all with the click of a button.
Nothing beats the feeling you get when you see them fall in love with it just like you did all those years ago
[Also, they're made of paper](https://i.imgur.com/wYu0G9J.jpg)

Edit: I tried to make a gif and failed so here's a [video](https://i.imgur.com/aPzS8Ny.mp4)
Haha... That was exactly it when my brother tried to get me into WoW.   

Him, " I can run you through raids to get you to level up faster and get better gear.  But first you need to be this min level.  What are you"

Me "lvl 1". 

Him "ok. Let's do a couple quests to get you up.  What is your quest" 

Me "collect 20 apples".
I'm going through this right now. I just started playing minecraft for the first time and my SO is having to walk me through everything.
Then they get even more into it than you and end up getting all the loot and items you wanted before you. They make you look like the noob in about 3 months.
###Take your time, you got this
|#|user|EDIT|comment|Link
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
|0|/u/KiwiChoppa147|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/OI8jNtE.png)|Then you leave them to farm the smaller creatures while you either wait or help them kill them all with the click of a button.|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etor3t2/)|
|1|/u/League0fGaming|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/5uvRAYy.png)|Nothing beats the feeling you get when you see them fall in love with it just like you did all those years ago|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etor371/)|
|2|/u/DeJMan|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/3FL3IFb.png)|[Also, they're made of paper](https://i.imgur.com/wYu0G9J.jpg)  Edit: I tried to make a gif and failed so here's a [video](https://i.imgur.com/aPzS8Ny.mp4)|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etos1ic/)|
|3|/u/Bamboo6|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/SiDFZxQ.png)|Haha... That was exactly it when my brother tried to get me into WoW.     Him, " I can run you through raids to get you to level up faster and get better gear.  But first you need to be this min level.  What are you"  Me "lvl 1".   Him "ok. Let's do a couple quests to get you up.  What is your quest"   Me "collect 20 apples".|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etorb6s/)|
|4|/u/xxfisharemykidsxx|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/3ek9F93.png)|I'm going through this right now. I just started playing minecraft for the first time and my SO is having to walk me through everything.|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etor7hk/)|
|5|/u/DuckSeeDuckWorld|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/rlE6VFP.png)|[This is my last EDIT before I go to camp for a week](https://imgur.com/xoOWF6K)|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etorpvh/)|
|6|/u/ChecksUsernames|[EDIT](https://i.imgur.com/6Wc56ec.png)|What the hell you have your own edit bot?!|[Link](/r/gaming/comments/ccr8c8/take_your_time_you_got_this/etotc4w/)|

 
I am a little fan-made bot who loves /u/SrGrafo but is a little lazy with hunting for EDITs. If you want to support our great creator, check out his [Patreon](https://Patreon.com/SrGrafo)
Them: "Wait, where did you go?"

Me --cleaning up the vast quantities of mobs they've managed to stumble past: " Oh just, you know, letting you get a feel for navigation."
Don't mind the arrows, everything's fine
[me_irl](https://i.imgur.com/eRPb2X3.png)
I usually teach them the basic controls, and then throw them to the wolves like Spartans. Its sink or swim now!
This is Warframe in a nutshell
[I love guiding people trough the game for the First time](https://imgur.com/uep20iB)
[showing a video game to my nephew for the first time didn't go that well :D](https://i.imgur.com/dQf4mfI.png)
[When it's a puzzle game](https://i.imgur.com/BgLqzRa.png)
I love SrGrafo’s cheeky smiles in his drawings.

Also, I wonder if it’s Senior Grafo, Señor Grafo, or Sir Grafo.
[This is my last EDIT before I go to camp for a week](https://imgur.com/xoOWF6K)
https://i.redd.it/pqjza65wrd711.jpg

Same look.
Haha this is me in Warframe but I've only been playing for a year. It's so easy to find beginners and they always need help with something.
This happens all the time on r/warframe ! Helping new people is like a whole part of the game's fun.
[deleted]
Once day when I have kids, I hope I can do the same with them
WAIT NO. WHY'D YOU PRESS X INSTEAD? Now you just used the only consumable for the next like 3 stages. Here lemme just restart from your last save...
Big gamer energy.
What about ten minutes in and they say “I’m not sure I get what’s going on. Eh I’m bored.”

Shitty phone [EDIT](https://imgur.com/a/zr4Ahnp)
Press *alt+f4* for the special move
I remember teaching my little brother everything about Minecraft. Ah, good times. Now he's a little prick xD
2nd top post of 2019!! ＼（^０＾）／
With Grafo’s most recent comics, this achievement means so much more now. Check them out on his profile, u/SrGrafo, they’re titled “SrGrafo’s inception “
Last
this is my bf showing me wow.

Him: “You can’t just stand there and take damage.”
Me: “but I can’t move fast and my spells get cancelled.”

*proceeds to die 5 times in a row.*

 and then he finishes it for me after watching me fail. 

Me: yay. 😀😀
Quick cross over 

https://imgur.com/a/9y4JVAr
Man, I really enjoy encoutering nice Veterans in online games
So this is the most liked Reddit post hmm
Wow. This is my first time here before the edits.
No, I'M LAST
Diamond armor? Really?
I remember when I was playing Destiny and I was pretty low level, having fun going through the missions, then my super high level friend joined. It was really unfun because he was slaughtering everything for me while I sat at the back doing jackshit
"I'll just use this character until you get the hang of things and then swap to an alt so we can level together"
My girlfriend often just doesn't get why I love the games I play, but that's fine. I made sure to sit and watch her while she fell in love with breath of the wild.
Warframe was full of people like this last i was on and its amazing. I was one of them too, but mostly for advice more than items because i was broke constantly.
This is the most upvoted post I've seen on Reddit. And it was unexpectedly touching :)
220k. holy moly
170k+ upvotes in 11 hours.
Is this a record?
This is the top post of all time😱
Congratulations, 2nd post of the Year
Most liked post on reddit
Absolute Unit
I did similar things in Monster Hunter World.
The only problem is they would never play ever again and play other games like Fortnite...feels bad man.
If you ever get interested on playing the game u/SrGrafo then I’ll teach you the ways of the hunter!!! (For real tho it’s a really good game and better with buddy’s!)
My parents (late 70s) got me a ps5 controller for Christmas. I do not own a playstation 5...

Many years ago I was given a computer flight Joystick for Christmas. I was devastated because I only had a Nintendo and not a computer to use it with. My father said he was sorry and that we could return it for something else. A few minutes later, I opened my next gift which was a computer and a flight game.
are ya winning son?
great controller for pc games, fully supported by Steam api
Reminds me of when my grandma got me a PS2 controller for Christmas when I was about 5. I thought it was cool, I could play with my uncle who had a PS2 and bring my own controller.

The next gift I opened was a PS2.

Edit: Wow this blew up, I’m glad this brought up so many nice memories and that people are still doing the old gift an accessory/game before a console trick. Merry Christmas to all!
For anyone wondering obviously I'm not going to tell them I don't own a ps5. I'll end up buying one eventually so it will get used at some point
Bless them. They knew you were in to gaming and this is a new gaming thing that’s out. I can see their logic. I hope you’re able to swap it or find a way to put it to good use.
 A gun rack... a gun rack. I don't even own *a* gun, let alone many guns that would necessitate an entire rack. 
Just realized there's full steam support. Game changer.
My mom was telling me all about how she bought my nephew a "Playstation One" controller for Christmas.
My grandmother got me a VHS tape of Cinderella this year. I don’t know the last time I’ve even seen a VCR.
My mom once bought me an Xbox One controller for my birthday, thinking she had bought me an Xbox. I didn't have the heart to tell her it wasn't a console in itself. But it did pair nicely with my PC, and I still use it to this day.
My mom did this(admittedly it was a little different in my case) to me all the time when I was growing up, of course it was during my birthday- which happens to be the 24th.

So I got Link to the Past for my birthday, and an SNES for christmas.

Final Fantasy 7 for my birthday, and a Playstation for Christmas.

I realized at a young age that my mom was very adept at psychological torture.
Some things you can use that with;  

A computer with Bluetooth capabilities  

An android phone that is android 10 or newer   

Probably and apple phone too  

  

It's essentially a super fancy bluetooth controller, enjoy it!  

I'm broke but slowly saving up for one for use with my phone and computer :D
How good of them to give gifts in area you like even though they don't know anything about
My parents did something similar to me as a kid! I asked for the original Game Boy and they got me a game for it (Solar Striker). When I pointed out that I needed a Game Boy to play it, they were confused, thinking it *was* a Game Boy since it said "Game Boy" right on the side of it!      

In fairness to them, in that era of gaming, you could buy Tiger handhelds that *were* specific self-contained games! But yeah, not so with the Game Boy.  
 
They never did get me one, either! I saved up my allowance to buy my own. Finally got to play Solar Striker lol
Real life instance of "It's the thought that counts" ... You should call them and tell them its working brilliantly, playing much better with this controller lol.
A good laugh indeed
This is so funny, darn cute and wholesome all at the same time. Take my free award.
...yet
Still not a bad buy. The PS5 controller feels great and will work on your phone and PC.
they thought it looked like a boomerang !
Guess this “forces”you to get one lol.
That’s a truly sweet gesture by them. I hope they have many more years together
If youre a pc gamer theres decent support for the dualsense on windows. Better than the ps4.
[deleted]
One reason to buy it. It's cute
It’s the thought that counts, what this present really means is that... you are old enough o buy your own PS5... we are just teasing you... lol
Years ago i got an N64 Game from my father. Didnt own one, only Super Nintendo, to this day i never told him.
Your grandparents are savage, they knew you weren't cool enough to own one. What'd you do?
You could sell it online for $9,000 like every other person.
You can use it as a pc controller to play pc games
You don't own a Playstation 5.... Yet...
you can use them on your pc, steam recently added support for them
You are very lucky:  
[https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news\_item&px=Sony-HID-PlayStation-PS5](https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=news_item&px=Sony-HID-PlayStation-PS5)
Pairs to iOS so if you have a iPad or Apple TV you can use it.
To be fair, there's nothing stopping from big players to standardize controller interfaces, and then compete on controller features, while the controllers being usable on any device (like mice and keyboards).

Brand exclusivity, planned obsolescence, and vendor lock-in also has something to do with this situation.
Until your parents hit you w the.. “wait I think there’s one more present under the tree”
The best PS3 controller you can find in 2020
Bless them. My parents are early 70s and the last console one bought for me was the NES.
Reminds me of the time I got a Luigi's Mansion player guide as one of my first gifts, thinking that a gamecube and the game were among my pile of presents. I got a lot of clothes that day but no gaming console or game was unwrapped.
It's still a sick controller to use with pc games. Download ds4windows and get that shit rockin.
Use it on PC, seriously that controller is the best one ive ever used by a country mile. So well designed.
Get this man a ps 5
At least there trying right ??
I dont own a playstation (never have) and have two dualshock 4 controllers, i use it with PC and its quite good with Steam...
Maybe they thought the whole console was in the joypad. They must've thought they were extremely lucky getting you something that's sold out everywhere! Bless them.
You can use it on your PC
You can still play Steam games with DualSense
Plot twist, they knew the ps5 controller is a great controller on PC as well
So what? It is good for PC as well.
Can be used for PC and once you get a ps5 you’ll have a spare at least
Man, u don’t need a ps5 for using a dual sense 5
Hope you thanked them and just went along with it, they tried their best to get you something they thought you wanted
They tried though, A+
Hey man, I got the sims 3 dlc today without owning the game, bless grandparents hearts.
Its the thought that counts mate
Bless your parents sweet hearts 💕
awwwhh that’s still cute
Solid controller that works for PC/Phones just fine, still useful.
You can use that in your pc
You got a gaming PC? If so this is a great gift still
Use it for PC then...
Why does this have 20k upvotes?

Edited to now ask why does this have 200k upvotes
Lol this sub is so shit
Steam and Ds4Windows (ryochan7 not the jays2kings one) has support for it. There are mods for almost every game to change the button prompts from xbox to ps. Also some games have native support for it without steam or Ds4Windows.
You can always use it on pc if you have one
You can use it on a PC if you play games there.
The thought counts! My friends got me ps5 games as a surprise but I still need one as well. Scalpers stole Christmas this time. Happy Holidays!
I use my console controller for some of my PC games so this present would be great despite not having a ps5
Unless....
This is just great. My grandparents are past the age of being able to buy us gifts, but a Christmas facetime is just the best.
Love and cherish them , they are trying their absolute best
I got off the horse by accident right before a cutscene in red dead

[deleted]
We're one coconut shy of a Monty Python sketch. 
Charles fell off his horse while we were traveling to  mission and he ran the WHOLE way, I was laughing my ass off but it took forever to get there!
"Is everyone clear on what theyre doing?"

*dismounts horse and fucks up cutscene*
That would be my goal to trigger for every following cut scene. 

Also the shit in his britches shuffle is hilarious. 
I have no idea why this is so funny to watch.  He’s like a Terminator running through anything Mother Nature throws at him 
“We ain’t got all day Arthur”
This man can keep up with horses in snow down a mountain. Fear him, for he is the Yeehaw-born.
WAIT DUTCH!
I'll admit, this made me laugh harder than I expected...
Running like he has a dump in his pants!! Lmao
Arthur: Wait up Dutch!!!

Dutch: Arthur!!!, Stay strong, Stay with me
At least this game shows what you do. Some others would have shown him on the horse even if he got off!
i love how he’s shuffling like he just shitted himself and dutch has to wait for him 
Hehe y’all are so dumb. They’re gonna be looking for horse guys.
*guys.. GUYS!!! Hey, I fell off my horse! Hello? C'mon, someone give me a ride! guuuuuysssss!!!*  
*you all suck...*
I appreciate a game the doesn't give a fuck what you're doing when it starts a cutsecene, it's just like "whatever, now you'll look like a douche xD"
I've never laughed so hard.
This might be one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen on Reddit

I’m sitting at a piano recital a super cute guy invited me to trying to contain my laughter and not ruin the mood
Speed running technique - do stamina training when you have to follow npcs on the horse. Smart.
*Cue the coconuts


[deleted]
"What the hell are you doing, Arthur?"

or

"Yeah, you can totally ride on my horse. \*gets a little too far ahead* C'mon, buddy, you almost made it!"

[Edit: a typo.]
Every cut I laughed harder and harder. I'm in public dammit. 
It’s not a bug. It’s a FEATURE.
Boy! Come here boy God damn it! 
Kinda sucks having such a slow internet I can load all these comments about people enjoying this video but not the video
BACK IN MY DAY WE WALKED FIFTEEN MILES IN THE SNOW UPHILL
"CHOSEN ONE"

"I'M COMING!

"CHOSEN ONE!"

"I'M COMING!"

"CHOSEN ONE!"

"I'M COMING!"
I laughed way harder at this than I thought I would. 
How I'm getting through this college semester. 
[deleted]
“Dude where’s my horse”
I enjoyed this immensely 
Credit where it's due, the cutscene actually plays really well considering.
It really shows you how well made this game is that it actually kept him off the horse, kept him moving realistically, and made it look like the riders kept having to wait on him, and still did the cutscenes as intended otherwise, instead of just randomly showing him back on a horse as if he never dismounted.

Top notch.
Something like this happened to me but with the guy looking for Gavin. I started talking to him when I found him in the middle of nowhere to see if he had new dialogue. He started repeating the same thing he said last time I saw him so I got back on my horse and started galloping away. 

Suddenly. He started yelling again but it was getting louder. I turned back around and he was running at the same speed as my horse through the trees and rocks to keep up next to me until he finished his spiel and finally started walking slowly again. It freaked me the fuck out. I have it saved on my Xbox if I can find a way to upload it. 
"accident"
I'm fucking *howling* holy shit. I don't know why this is so funny but aye, nicely done.
I’d like to think Arthur forgot his horse and the rest of the gang is forcing him live with his choices

“You brought this on yourself”
Guys! *pant* wait up... *pant* fuck, come back!!!
"I need a horse."


"NO ARTHUR, WHAT YOU NEED IS FAITH."
Dutch: “Hold on guys let’s wait for Arthur” 

Arthur: “Turn around and be a goddamn MAN”

Dutch: “Get on my horse Arthur”  

Arthur: “What would everyone say? No, I can’t turn around now”

Dutch: “We have a long way to go Arthur”

Arthur: “That’s the least of my worries” 


Stupid question incoming:

Would that have to have been programmed? Like the programmers were like “we need to make an alternate cutscene in case they get off their horse”?
*And I raaaaaan*
With a new season of Game of Thrones coming...

This must be sneak peek footage of Gendry
/r/bettereveryloop
Some say he is still running to this very day.
"We dwarves are natural sprinters. Very dangerous over short distances."
When you're the only kid in your friend group that doesn't have a bike yet.
This is beyond weird because in a video game what you usually do is you just animate the cutscene and either make it look like the game or you animate the cutscene in the game engine and then you make into an mp4 and you just write a program to play the mp4 when a certain thing happens. But not red dead 2 I guess fuck me
Ur alrite boyahhh
Payback for all those slow walking NPCs
Never skip leg day 
I love how he immediately enters a dead sprint. It’s seamless
That one friend that doesn't have a bike 
That was so much funnier than I thought it would be
[deleted]
That’s fucking bad ass!
Do these glitches make it 9/10 or 11/10?
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today 
Oh my god he looks like a penguin waddling through the snow I’m so dead 
My sides! This is fucking great!
The horse was holding him back
This is the best thing I’ve seen on reddit in a long time 
Just waddling along, hilariously bringing up the rear, and looking confused. 
I genuinely really laughed at that. Thank you.
Props to the guy who kept stopping and waiting for him
that's it. I'm buying this game in the morning. 
I was helping the wilderness photographer and just as I triggered the cut scene, I was attacked by a bear. It was thrashing me around and eating my guts while we chatted.
Wish my playstation was recorded.
Why is this so damn funny? I'm fucking crying over here. 
You mean you got off the horse, then manually pressed the touchpad to activate 'cinematic mode' while running with the posse.  There was no in-game cutscene.
Haha this is incredible. Now that we know the mechanics of the cutscene we have to make some funny ones like this. 
Holy shit I’m looking back at this post and it’s officially the most upvotes post in this sub reddit 
Should have told them to *hold their horses*... 
I'll let myself out
“Is everyone clear on what they’re doing?”

*gets off horse*
“GUYS WAIT UP!”
“You fellers better slow down, I’m gonna mess my britches!”
I haven’t laughed this hard in a long time 
I AM MY OWN BOAH!
Possibly looks like you may have also shit your pants. 
thank you for this 
Honestly looks like he shit his pants and is trying to minimize the damagr
"Keep breathing, that's the key! Breathe! Hoh...."
Can we stop to appreciate how nowadays cutscenes are done in-engine? (Yeah, I know it's been like this for a bit but still) We live in awesome times.
Usain Bolt of Wild West
*bangs two coconut halves together*
boy gamer

Guys, if you can't be nice in the comments then they'll stay locked. It really isn't difficult to stay civil in a discussion or not report someone for harassment just because they disagree with you (we just reapprove it, it's really obvious when you report someone because they disagreed with you)

EDIT: Okay, comments are back open. Please report comments that break our rules.
"It's cool that you're here, and if you ride with me you won't have to worry about anyone hurting you and can feel safe" actual quote from some dude who was 200 lvls lower than me in Red Dead.
Everybody knows there's no men on the Internet.
Lol fake gamer guy  go chainsaw a tree or throw a football GTFO lol
Hey, real guy gamer here ;]
[removed]
"I bet you only play to impress girls"
Always funny to me how I’ll go 20 games without anyone talking on mic, and as soon as a woman speaks all the guys on server are so charming and cracking jokes to each other pretending it’s just what they been doing the entire time.
Oh you're a guy huh? I don't believe you. Message me a pic of ur dick so I can confirm that you're an ACTUAL guy. DO IT.

Update: How [I thought](https://data.whicdn.com/images/62095431/original.gif) a gamer girl asking for solicited dick pics would go. How its [actually going](https://media0.giphy.com/media/hEc4k5pN17GZq/giphy.gif).
Guy gamers. Pfffft. Get back in the garage and fix my car.

Edit: You guys are morons. Pay your bills or buy your mom something nice.
[deleted]
ughhh i dont support the boy gamer movement at all *eyeroll*
Best way to welcome a girl into a game is to say "GIRL" and make monkey sounds.
Definitely felt this in school (and occasionally at work now but to a lesser extent as I called them out on it pretty early on and now they're cool). I was the only female in my electrical engineering program, and now the only female electro-mechanic in the history my work place. 

The amount of times guys feel like they need to make sure that I know they're cool with me going about my business was bizarrely high.

Bonus is though my lady friends liked coming to my parties pre-covid. It's not every day that a lady knows dozens of eligible bachelors.
dick or gtfo
A girl was using a mic in dota the other day and she was supporting me so i said hi, asked her item/ skill build (she was playing techies so not so obvious).

She asked my name, I asked hers. Then someone else on the team typed to her "hey i'm trying to play dota, can you suck his dick after the game".

This is why guys like this ask  "why do no women play dota?"
My sister never really talk or write anything that could give her teammates any hint that she is a girl because of that. 

At first I didn't understood why some girls wanted to be in some "Girls team/guild only". Now I think it's a good place for girls to play online without having to deal with that kind of guy.
Empathy is one of the most important virtues.
Just an average day for a guy playing Animal Crossing MMO
I've been gaming since I was in middle school and I've always been very careful about mentioning gender when I play online. The amount of harassment is just not worth it. The few games I've played open mic with I was sure to do with a few other gaming girls. Guys seem less willing to be a prick if there's more than one girl in a group. That being said the number of requests to aol/msn messenger, skype, facetime ect that I got in direct messaging was always intense.

Now that I'm married it's a whole different thing. When guys find out I'm a chick and tell them I'm married suddenly is HIGHLY offensive to them. Like how dare I not be just single and waiting for them to come alone and sweep me off my feet. Lots of requests for "just some pics, he doesn't have to know" like I'd ditch a perfectly happy marriage for some random jackass on the internet.

I've mostly transitioned to offline games, more because they fit what I'm into lately but I definitely don't miss the gamer dudes.


All that aside, I've met some really cool guys in most of the games I play who are just there to game. I feel like the nice ones probably even outnumber the assholes so while the gaming community is super fucking hostile, I think it's getting better (or I'm just playing games with less asshole. Your mileage may vary)
It's so annoying. Guys clearly just play games for attention. Gaming has always been for girls. If a guy is a gamer it's only because he wants girls to like him. He just wants to seem quirky.

See how dumb that sounds?
this is why im glad Im not a teenage gamer anymore. Me and everyone I game with are 25-35 and we never have these issues and a good portion of our community are women. Its sucks that my favorite hobby is so full of children who think "get back in the kitchen" jokes are top tier big brain humor.
As someone who plays mostly single-player games or co-op, this shit is stupid common. Every time I’ve been in a public lobby that has a girl in it at least one person is losing their shit and constantly trying to talk to them and get their attention. Can we not just play the damn game and speak to everyone the same?

I think the biggest issue that stems from this is how discouraged women become from entering gaming communities or the industry itself. Gamer guys really out here cucking themselves.
I can still remember watching my friend say something like this to a girl on xbox live when we were like 16/17, I cringed so hard I'm surprised I didn't break my back. 

He thought he was being their knight in shining armour against the other guys playing MW2, I get that MW2 lobbies were bad but lord that was terrible
send bolls and pene
More like...

"Huhuhu ur a boy. Do u like being pegged ? "
A girl gamer enters the lobby

Boys: soooo how long have you been a girl?
This is why i never mention my gender online... I'm only 14 and I've had so many grown ass men saying such disgusting sexual shit to me and saying blatantly misogynistic things through the mic. :/

Edit: I forgot to mention this, but what is really fucking annoying is when they find out you're a girl and they start *targeting* you or even gang up on you, then say shit like "you can't play because you're a girl" or whatever. It's not funny, it's just rude. The earliest I've experienced sexism online is when I was playing a roblox game when I was around idk, 9? 10?? Poor little me ended up tearing up.
Honestly, boys who do this thing to girls are either immature or just flat-out weird. Like, I don’t care if your a lad or a lass, I just care about if your gonna help the team get the win.
Tbh last time I was aware there was a girl in a game, they were constantly berated by somebody on the other team for their gender. They just didn't respond, ended up getting MVP, whilst the abuser went down a rabbit hole of pointless insults then offered me a 1v1 when I asked him to pack it in - I declined, saying his ego was fragile enough as it is, I wouldn't want to make him cry harder.

Gotta love that friendly online multiplayer experience!
I'm glad I'm too old to be qualified to be in this discussion or for anyone to care about my opinion.
Dude my wife gets messages all the time.  The amount of “Hey sorry for killing you I didn’t mean that at all lol.”  Lmao yeah haha hilarious bro so funny.  Kick rocks zzzz.
I play RDR2 online, and as with any game, if I'm gonna stare at a character it may as well be a female one, and I took a lil time in the creating process and made my character (IMHO) pretty.

The number of guys I get gathering around me to harass me because the character looks female is so annoying. I key up my Mic and deeply say "Yea, I'm not a real girl"

I couldn't imagine how much harassment would increase if it was a girly voice they heard asking them to be left alone.
In a parallel universe where males have OnlyFans, rarely ask out the opposite gender, have monthly pains and can give birth.

Edit: Some of these replies are pedantic as f**k. Calm down. It’s a joke.
happened to me when i was streaming minecraft last night. when i essentially told him to f off he started insulting me
Most kids think they want this to happen until it happens for real as harassment. How do I know? Well, there was a "Only women" school close to where I used to study and if a young high schooler would pass when they were out, they would all scream things, it was crazy, all females, screaming, whistling and calling the guys names like "Little daddy"

Most kids would be tomato red and pass fast like they heard nothing.

I remember some dudes would rather walk an extra block to walk around the ladies high school rather than passing in front of it.

So no, most of the sad kids saying "I wish it was like that" only wished one beautiful woman magically talked to them, not to be harassed the way so many women are harassed online.
HEY I JUST WANTED TO ASK YOU IF YOU NEED ANY HELP BECAUSE YOU'RE A GIRL AND I DONT FEEL MANLY ENOUGH WHEN A GIRL IS BETTER THAN ME
I hate going on mic cause I’m a girl, I usually just get rude objectifying comments and always ‘are you single?’ not even as a joke. I joke with guys about it sometimes cause some can be chill, but mostly it just makes me not want to play. People I’ve played with have legitimately put a bet in place before where if they win they get my number or nudes
Me everytime I log on to play Hello Kitty Island Adventure
Honestly, if the roles were reversed, I'm pretty sure the guy would still send dick pics.
i feel bad for girl gamers :/
wait, wait, wait.... hold your horses... uhm... YOU'RE A GUY GAMER?!!?! O_O Not to be a freak, but.. just when I thought you couldn't get more attractive.. you started playing video games. Nicely done, m'sir. You've just become every woman's dream man. If you had missed a couple before, now you can be sure you've got us ALL "drooling", lol.
“As if that’s ever gonna happen”

-Shrek
This post was the most upvoted across all of Reddit on March 1st, 2021!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/TopPostOfTheDay](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
CollegeHumor did an excellent skit on this.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQnIJ-ljctk
I played Apex the other day with two Randos. As soon as the girl unmuted her mic to say where an enemy was the other rando jumped on his mic and started saying annoying shit trying to hit on her. I shut him down and asked him not to do this and shockingly he stopped and we had a normal game, but damn I feel bad for women who like to game because I’m sure that happens all the time.
Oh you’re a guy? Name every car
Oh how the turn tables
I play league and when someone all chats "are you a girl" idk how to respond lol, I'm screwed either way, if I say no then they generally just call me a liar and if I say yes then people treat me like I'm not a person. I generally just ignore that person and mute anyone who keeps pestering me about it. I used to use masculine icons and names to try and throw people off the scent but at some point it just pissed me off that I couldn't like what I like. Just because I'm a girl doesn't mean I have to type different or whatever to convince people I'm different from how I actually am.
I like that the dude is pink and the chick is blue
Unfortunately I doubt people will get the mesage.

It really is annoying that people say things like "bUt ThErE aReN't AnY GrIlLs On ThE iNtErNeT" or similar reactions while not realizing that they are part of the problem.



Firstly, at least on reddit women actually make up a significant portion of the userbase.

Secondly, this attitude makes it annoying to be a woman publicly (this is now mostly referring to games).

You arent being helpful, you are just adding to the awkwardness of being a woman on the internet. If you want to be helpful, instead, call that shit out, dont do it yourself, and if it helps, just pretend their voices are 2 octaves lower.
“A guy gamer? Go back to the garage.”

“LMAO I bet you only play easy boy champions like Garen and Master Yi.”
Been there, done that. Many years ago, but still embarrassing.
My girlfriend is trying to get into fucking dark souls and shit so she can understand me a little better and she’s actually like quite good. I fear the day that we randomly encounter each other in Bloodborne and she wipes the fucking floor with me.
Old dude here. I was playing Overwatch years ago and was amazed at this Zarya player and wanted to learn more about how to play her. The player answered my questions, but after the typing got to be a lot they added me and asked me to get on voice. It was a female player. She spent the next half a dozen matches coaching me and helping me improve. I thanked her and then she said “no offense but I’m gonna unfriend you now—end on a good note.” I said “totally get it, and thanks for the lessons.” Felt great to get so much help from a stranger. Felt super bad that she felt she had to unfriend me to feel safe. It’s a fucked up world socially and yes—guys are the biggest problem. Not the only problem—just the biggest one.
Dude sell your bathwater those perverts will buy anything!
well well well.. how the turn tables
Minesweeper 99 x 99, 1500 mines. Took me about 2.5 hours to finish, nerve-wracking. No one might care, but just wanted to share this.

How many did you have to guess on
That’s pretty cool. Always 1 or 2 50/50’s in those that can ruin your day.
Have you seen the movie based on the game?

https://youtu.be/LHY8NKj3RKs

"I'm here because I'm bored!"
Sign for an eod contract
I'm a whiz at Minesweeper, I can play for days  
Once you see my sweet moves you're gonna stay amazed  
My fingers movin' so fast I'll set the place ablaze
POV you are a Bosnian child in the woods
A lonely Valentine’s Day, isn’t it?
“He’s a man of focus, commitment, and sheer fucking will!”
I gotta admit, I still have no idea how minesweeper works. I just end up clicking a bomb accidentally then not play again for a year or two
I call bullshit that there isn't even a single 50/50 chance in any of your corners.

Not calling bullshit in the sense that I don't think it's real. More along the lines of, that's bullshit, some people get all the luck.
Offer your services to *Insert list of countries with active minefields here*
As far as I'm concerned you're a god walking the earth

Edit: please stop responding telling me how easy you think this is, I'm still impressed and I don't care
I thought this was a Zelda dungeon map, good sweeping!
What is this game about
I would have gift you a platinum award, if i had one. 

Legend
I love "no one might care".  While I know you mean that maybe there won't be anyone who cares, but lexically it sounds like you're saying that definitely no person even might care.  Lol.  I'm getting serious Eeyore vibes.  I'm going to use this phrasing in future.
Anyone looking for this on a Windows 10 or Windows 11 machine download from

https://winaero.com/download-windows-7-games-for-windows-11/
How many times did you have to just “guess and click?”
I recommend 4D minesweeper free on Steam (though it will grab 50% of your GPU to presumably mine something, but oh well). I use a 5x5x5x5 grid, with all 4 dimensions looping back on each other. I’ve gotten up to 65 mines. 

It’s hard. The average number of mines touching each square is something like just under 8. 

I typically have to attempt 30 or 40 starts before it will generate one with a zero for me to start on. Most of them don’t have any zeros, and only one or two 1s or twos.  It’s just too hard to start without a zero. 

It takes about 45 minutes to play one of these with that many mines.
I beat a 9x9 once, AMA.

Seriously though, well done! I was never great at this game so needless to say, I am very impressed!
It's easy difficulty with so few mines on such a big board.
I just managed 96 secs in Pro-Mode the other day. That's 16x30 with 99 mines.
you should really play somewhere where it's always solvable with no 50/50 odds.  
I recommend this: [https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/\~sgtatham/puzzles/js/mines.html](https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/puzzles/js/mines.html)  
30x16 with 170 mines is more challenging than that and won't take you as long :)
We care !
The true Elden ring
😎
What is your strategy in a situation where the mine could be in one of two tiles?

Also very impressive!!!
In Afghan we had rec tents with internet/phones/video games/ping pong and every time I had duty to run the desk there l would just play Minesweeper. I still remember beating a 99x99 with 999 mines, this is even more insane! 

Congrats!!
Nice, but i have to say you got lucky on all four corners.
How pissed would you have been if you ended/lost on a 50/50 corner guess?
To this day I still don't know how to play this game.

&#x200B;

Still, this looks insanely impressive, great work OP!
Will someone explain this game to me?
Y’all know there’s a cheat code right?
I still don't know how the fuck to play that game
First try?
whenever i play minesweeper, the first thing i do is click all 4 corners. if something blows up, i just restart until i can hit all 4 corners. that way, it reduces the chances of me forced to guess which happens more often in the corner spots
There is a online version of minesweeper that doent have unsolvable games. Maybe u wanna look for that( cant remember the name) but I think I would be very frustrated if the last 2 fields are a 50/50 and i lose.
You’re a freaking legend!!
You're built different
TIL theres strategy in minesweeper. As a kid I always just clicked blocks until I died.
Motherfucker I CARE and I'm proud of you
I'm 34 years old. I've never understood how this game was played until just now where me, high as shit, stared at the picture and it suddenly all came to me.
Cool, but I still don't understand how this game works. :(
Never understood this game
Strangest 'no one might care' I have seen. I feel so much tension in this pic. Well played!
It's already been said 100 times over, but great fucking job homie 🥇🏆 fkn champion
This. This right here folks is peak gamer.
Imagine being so close to the win and hitting the mine on the last click. Makes me suffer just by thinking about it.
I’ve done this in the span of three days the last one With 10 bombs found :( lots a fun tho nice job
A man of commitment, focus and sheer fucking will
Nice one man, what’s your name so I can get a restraining order
I love minesweeper. A map this size is so nerve-racking. A single miss-click is death.
Stop making shit up, this is clearly a picture of Bosnia.
You know you've found your soulmate when someone makes you a needlepoint of this
“No one might care” YEA RIGHT this the biggest accomplishment I have ever seen
That's beautiful. I once came close.. 90/99... mine 91 was my death.
I still have no idea how to play this
I feel like this should be a job interview for some job someplace.
Your a fuckin legend in my house
Legend!
104k ppl care. This is intense just looking at it.
The pinnacle of gaming. No cap.
Never actually played minesweeper, but this looks absolutely terrifying
I care. Love this game. I remember people looking at me weird because I was playing this
I love this shit fair play epic well done.
You are GOAT MF, I can’t even do the smallest one.
No one might care my ass

#bruh, NICE
I’ve been trying to figure out this game since the early 90’s. Still clueless!
looks like at least 134k people care. great job.
Minesweeper separates the men from the boys
Good job dude
I am impressed.
As a big minesweeper fan... I really appreciate this.
This is amazing, congrats OP
Gamer god.
That is beautiful
Anyone else play without using the flags? Helps a bit if you are trying to log a fast time.
Lmfao “nobody might care” BOI BET
"Fucking legend."

\-Anybody who's ever played Minesweeper.
Use https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/%7Esgtatham/puzzles/js/mines.html if you want to avoid running into a 50-50. 
They can always be solved logically.
I once failed this with almost no mines left bc I FUCKING MISCLICKED
[deleted]
Holy moly. How long did you ‘practice’ before this game?
I hate this game but I can recognize being in the presence of greatness.
This is the shit right here that legends are made of. Congrats OP you beautiful bastard!
r/nextfuckinglevel
Your doing Gods work!
Did you... did you win? How do you even know? I don't think I ever won a single game.
I’m almost 40 and still have no idea how to play this game
This man just said no one will care, and ended up getting 13,200 coins
Been like 30 years an I still don’t know how to play
you put this on r/gaming, but it should be on r/nextfuckinglevel
Who gives a fuck if you beat dark souls? This…this is real terror and accomplishment
You know the game is a lot less stressful if you reduce the number of mines. At one mine the game is free dopamine.
I cannot imagine the tension
“No one might care”

*becomes one of the most upvoted posts on the entire subreddit*
And I still have no idea how the game works



Nevermind I figured it out by looking at the pic
Happy Valentines, you are loved by many today.
The reddit gods have acted in your favor today. 181k upvotes and counting
No one might care? That's just mind blowing dude.
No one might care, the legend said
Awesome. An old game doesn't mean it's less fun :D
‘No one might care’

*1000 awards later*
Well that aged badly, but in a good way
This game is like slapping my anxiety across the face and then asking it to politely fuck me.

but wonderful job, you are now a Marvel superhero.
goddamn, this is insane
That is insane.
I would have misclicked 20 minutes in
Its like one wrong move and game is like:

Hehe, player go *kaboom*
That is really impressive, especially in the time it took you. Well done!
How is this possible lol I couldn’t do this on easy mode
What would a psychiatrist say when presented with this?
Put this guy on the eod team
No one might care...200 k likes !!!!
"no one might care"
200,000 upvotes
This is very low density and a solve rate if 1 mine every 6 seconds.

Go you.. I suppose.
If only I knew how to play minesweeper
r/nextfuckinglevel
You’re not a human you’re a divine being walking among people
Using the white pixel cheat?
 Wait, there’s an actual strategy to this game? I thought you just clicked over and over until you blew up.
The perfect cosplay doesn’t ex...

Dusting the crumbs off his shirt made the whole act complete
"Mom! Bafroom!!"
I love how he stayed in character for the audience but also how he was beaming on his way to and from the stage lol
How do you kill that which has no life?
[removed]
Wow the level of dedication to shave your head like that, and also to gain like a hundred extra pounds just for a cosplay... insane.
Not gonna lie at first I thought he was cosplaying Kevin from the office. Then he got on stage and stopped smiling and I saw it.
[removed]
[deleted]
This is proof that you don’t need to have technical skill or all the tools and materials to do a good cosplay. You need creativity and heart.
Who is he cosplay as




Edit: this has just developed into a debate about grammar now
dude shaved his the top of his head for the gag. truly a pro
LIVE TO WIN!!!
God bless south park
That dude is the king.
Creative and awesome, but is it enough to beat the guy that cosplayed Pylo the pylon?
I thought this was a video from The [Cosplayer with a nice bum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAFtsP13biM) but she's not even a Blizzard Character.
Awesome, well done :) . Might go watch some South Park now!
Him being happy makes me happy
The crumb swipe off the shirt is gold
Whoever he is, he's one tough badass.
"you cannot kill that which has no life"
[deleted]
That guy must be a literal chick magnet!
I LIKE TURTLES.
Lol that dude is a legend
For the first couple seconds I thought it was Kevin and his famous chili and was about to tear up just remembering that moment.
Fucking Legend!
How do we kill.. that which has.. no life?
This is a repost. Why does it have 151k up votes?

If I'd have known I would have reposted it
Lol


🚩
How the fuck does this have 75k upvotes? This is like 10 years old.
This is damn amazing
[here's the source](https://youtu.be/C3I4wpHshuw)
[this](https://i.imgflip.com/2h3m2v.jpg) is who he is cosplaying

Edit; grammar
He's the one. They say he holds the sword of a thousand truths.
How do you kill that which has no life?
This guy should've won, but we know half naked means good cosplay, so of course he didn't.
Perfection
That's commitment, getting fat for cosplay.
This woman won that year, this guy didn't even make it top 10. He should have won.

https://youtu.be/UorHvEcVTBM?t=2689
We need Audio, sir. I need to hear that reaction
I'm quite impressed with the extent to which some cosplayers go to achieve their outfit. This guy literally got fat to make sure his cosplay outfit was 100% accurate. Absolute madlad
Did he win?
[Link to the video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D52IKuHOq8M)
I will always upvote this.
a god who walks among us mere mortals
u/repostsleuthbot
Oh my god, he has absolutley no life
a god who walks among us mere mortals
The anime glasses push up thing was so perfect.
This is dedication, not only did he gain all the weight for this, but even shaved his head. Good on him.
This made it into top all and didn’t get a single coin? F
What a legend haha
It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
How can you kill that which has no life?
Thinking outside of the box....perfection.
r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie r/watchredditdie
The average Redditor
[removed]
Nice.

Nice....


NOICE!!!!
Any day, I'd pawn noobs with this guy, or in my case, get pwnd by this guy.
He might be able to do a Kevin with his famous chili
This is surprisingly wholesome
im so proud of him
I remember this guy, one of my first episodes of South Park. Good times
how do you kill that which has no life?
Godspeed you beautiful man.
How can you kill that which has no life??

He’s a total badass.
I love how happy he is through this
I cant believe he gained all that wait for the roll. Well done!
Bruh South Park is lit
the audience uncomfortably:  "dude did that fucker just roll a mirror up on stage"
The best Southpark episode ever!
I love South Park cosplay
Blizzard can go tongue a waffle iron tho
How do you kill... one which has no life?
100/10 best cosplay ever
Hahaha he even has the hand sprain gloves
I see myself in this and i don’t like it

OP delete
Fucking legend, please tell me he won
Its a man playing a man dressed as the same man.
r/southpark
Evidently it’s so perfect
Owned his body size, owned his cosmetic looks, fit right into the perfect niche for himself. This, right here, is a fantastic cosplay!
Thus is how yall look
What's more surprising is that he didnt win the best cosplay at this award
I don’t get this... who is it supposed to be?
That episode was from 2006 and people are still referencing it. Iconic.
Absolutely fucking amazing. We must protect him at all costs
Original and funny.  Good guy.
I will always upvote this.
You know he got laid after that
Nailed it
The anime glasses push up thing was so perfect.
Is this the World of Warcraft guy from South Park?
Okay but what the hell is that thing coming to the stage next?
i would be his friend
That’s sad
Looks like a young Kevin Malone.
,
[deleted]
The god damned fuck was that shit crawling out  in the last few frames?
Too bad this repost doesn't have sound.
Oh my God this is amazing. The fucking bravery of doing this lol
I need to rewatch that south park episode now.
God bless this man and his sense of humor. I'd vote for em. I'm sold on his smile so damn much, like he was having a blast. Good on him.
Bahaha he has all the moves down pat! This is amazing
It takes a lot of confidence to get up on stage like that, and this dude killed it. I knew exactly who his costume was meant to be, it was well made and accurate, and he gave a good show of staying in character. I really enjoy seeing cosplay, especially original/unusual choices such as this.
Did he win?? That was genius...
Excuted perfectly. A frase not used since hitler and his holojews
He’s a redditor
Legendary
How do you kill that which has no life?
It's crazy how these cosplayers can train their bodies into peak shape for their cosplay. Amazing.
'Play until we lose'

I usually stop playing on a win, to finish my day on a high note.
Me and my friends after that loss:

Can't sleep on a loss!


Me and my friends after a Win:

Whelp can't sleep yet, we're on a winstreak!


It's a vicious cycle.
Actually managed to get about twenty wins in a row with some friends on Halo Reach back in the day. Stayed up until I literally fell asleep driving a warthog.
More like 1:03 after we forfeit in shame

*Edit* most upvotes I've ever gotten AND gold?! Thanks everyone!
[deleted]
Better than "we'll call it a night next win" in Rocket League, and we are up till 6 AM and hear my buddies GF come downstairs and say "You guys are *still* at it?"
Oh man, every night
When it's 12:00am and someone on your team screws up an says "SORRY FIRST GAME OF THE DAY!!!!!!!"
Same with me but about sex
I’m color blind as fuck and had to look at this thing for 10 minutes before I could see the time on the clock. 
More like play till I win, then I got to work with 2 hours if sleep. The beauty is it starts all over the next day. Man I'm tired.
Plot twist, it’s 1:05pm
I already know this is a Rocket League reference
Turn that around for me with Overwatch. "I *will* win *one* game before I go to bed." Never go to bed.
We play until we lose.

Then after we lose, say play until we win

Get win, go out on top.

Never go to bed upset or angry
I know that reactions are terrible comments so I **won't** type "hahahahahaha" to show how much I laughed, I won't do that.  Won't.

But I will type that I've been seeing your work for years /u/Shitty_Watercolour, and that it's always brought me joy, so thanks for that.  Your sense of humor is top notch; I hope you keep making these forever.  :)
It do be like that
A player kills me 20 times in a row... 

I get one kill on them and quickly turn off my console in victory.
My only rule is can’t end on a loss


Sometimes it takes a long time to go to bed
That one doesn’t count
End it with a win boys. 
Every time I play a ranked rocket league match lol
My friends won't end on a win streak and won't end on a loss. So we have to win multiple games, lose one, then win one to go to sleep.
Play until you win and you're up until 4 am crying.
Hey /u/Shitty_Watercolour, just wanted to say the expression in the last panel made me burst out laughing. Definitely reminds me of me and my sister playing games as a kid and sucking at it. Also glad to see your comics on /r/StardewValley, keep up the great work!

Rocket league anyone??
Dude this definitely speaks to many gamers.

 Congrats on the +140k upvotes. Well deserved 
this is my roommate and I when we're playing the dlc to Dark Souls 3.. 
[deleted]
This sub is getting stupider and stupider 
9yo be like
Did this night before first day of school like 10 years ago on world of Warcraft and went on like a 15 game win streak. Went to bed like 3 hours before I had to be up for school. Was super dope though 
Just started playing Battlefield Bad Company 2 again. I know the feeling. The people still playing it are all godlike. 
You just lost The Game.
My squad for sure. This happens so often that we just stopped saying anything after a loss and just exit the game and Discord. To new people it seems like we're salty, which can be pretty amusing.
I had friend who was exactly opposite. Despite 5am on the clock and 10 lost arenas in the row in WoW he would be like:

'Cmon dude, next one is gonna be our lucky one. We have to win eventually! Don't bail on me!'
I actually had one of these nights in reverse where a friend and I decided to play Warcraft 3: TFT until we won, and we lost for nine straight hours.

We legitimately weren’t even that bad, we left that next morning feeling like we warped into a different universe where everyone was MLG trained WC3 pros.  We still laugh about how absurd it was.
1am? Those are rookie numbers
Can't end on a losing streak!
*loses really quickly*
“That one doesn’t count.”
shit i play till I win
I play normally until I notice my performance is hidering. If i can't do stuff I do normally 100 percent of the time anymore I know it's downhill from there and I'll call it quits after that round
You mean play until we win ! *sunlight stabs eyes*
I mean, this I'd better than pulling an all nighter honestly lol. It may just be that I'm old now, idk. I may or may not pull an all nighter every Saturday o.0
God damn this place really has turned into 9 gag
League of Legends
How the fuck does this have 120,000 upvotes...
r/comedycemetery
This shit hits home
Back in the MW2 days we did this with Sabotage. Since no one ever played the objective, we won easily. Decided to keep it going at all costs. Fast forward to seven in the morning and 103 wins later, we finally sabotaged ourselves to get some sleep. 
The classic online game paradox,

Can't end on a loss, keep going after a win.
I did "play until I win", and go to bed at 4am...
Finally a non jerk r/gaming post
It's so relatable it hurts.
/r/leagueoflegends
[deleted]
Plot twist, they are playing league
I usually stop after I do really good, cuz I feel so good after, and I don’t wanna lose and ruin it.
Depending on the situation, the rule I put in is 1 win, or 3 losses, mostly likely my mentality is going to be tilted after 3 losses in a row and my likelihood of winning any game is going to be quite low after that.
Or you could play until 4am because you keep telling yourself: ok, next round/game I won't lose......
Dam, I remember doing this with a group of my friends when MW4 came out. We would stay up for most of the night until someone ended up passing out while in game. 
Destiny 2 raids with new blueberries
This is a strategy which once failed for my parents one Christmas Eve.

I was given a slot car racer track, and because we were driving to the other grandparents house on Christmas day, I was told I could stay up until I crashed. The other thing to know, which properly frames the situation, is that the power distribution for a track like this is flawed. When you squeeze the trigger for both controllers, and there are two cars on the track, the power is distributed pretty evenly, but if one of the cars is knocked off the track or your opponent releases their trigger to break suddenly, then that power is instantaneously transferred to the other car and car number 2 sees a comparable boost in acceleration and velocity for the exact same applied trigger pressure.

When I went to college I studied Electrical Engineering, and it makes sense as both tracks are wired in parallel, but at the time, it was just known as the method to knock your opponent from the track. Both racers accelerate so they are going as fast as they can without getting thrown from the track, then just before your opponent enters a turn, you drop your throttle and watch as your opponent now finds themselves accelerating into a turn.

For the rest of the evening my Father tried in vain to knock me from the track. He used every dirty trick he could, and because of the way the cars power were distributed, it often meant I could cause his plans to backfire. I'm sure it was only a few minutes that I held on, but to a kid my age it was practically all night.
Can’t ever leave on a loss. 
Sucks staying up till 4 in the morning playing against the same group of 10 year olds. At least we were able to talk some mad shit once we finally won after two hours. 
 Now if I had gold to give this would be the post!
More like till we win then we never go to sleep
My friend recently moved away, so now we spend so many hours playing overwatch together. Last night we started at 6pm and finished at 6am. I love her so much, it’s the simple things like that I look forward to. 
Wtf ! Just happened with me now :)
guys it’s fucking loss 
u/bandittraps
Just had the dumbest looking smirk on my face.

this is fucking gold buddy
"...That one didn't count."
This makes me miss having gaming friends :(
2 games into overwatch. 
GDWAA5-MYT9E-8Y4NS.  I know it is not related, but you can use this in World Of Warships. 
This is the stuff I like seeing on this subreddit
Squad did this once and we were up til 4:00 AM playing Black Ops 1, by the end we were begging teams to beat us.
I can't relate
Only 1 am? I usually go til 4 or just dont sleep
Is that a loss?
Woke up at 6 am one summer with my gaming group during the Black Ops 1 era, went on a 55 game winning streak and lasted for 7 hours. Good times :’)
Can we please boycott Star Wars battlefront 2
I bought EA Star Wars Battlefront as a fan of Star Wars and felt ripped off. Played the beta of Star Wars battlefront 2 and you still can't just get in a vehicle, it feels so fake. Why is Rey in the clone wars!? That is all bad, but EA have just totally taken the piss with abusing Star Wars fans and cutting their games into little pieces and bleeding the fan base dry. 

I've had enough. 

#boycottswbf2

#boycottea

Edit 1: Spelt Rey wrong sorry! Autocorrect and I didn't check.

Edit 2: Thank you so very much for the support that this post has received, it really has been quite overwhelming. This post is very much a quick outpouring of thoughts of mine rather then a well thought through argument focusing on the main issues with EA's Star Wars Battlefront 2. I only eluded to the main issues, rather than outright stating the unacceptable issues with loot boxes, progression grind, the pay to win aspects and the short campaign etc. However people who are on this sub reddit are very much aware of the main issues.

All I hope that this post has managed to bring attention to the main issues and bring about some positive change.  

Edit 3: Thank you kind strangers for the reddit gold!

Edit 4: EA have a pattern of this behaviour so I have added the boycott EA hashtag. 
I made this decision after the last Battlefront. Give me a 60 dollar game with 4 main mp levels and no campaign? GTFO
Disney brought back the servers for the original Battle Front 2! Play that game instead!
EA made sexual advances on me when I was 14.
I'm an adult who can't afford the game.

Easy bandwagon to jump on. :)

edit: I don't just mean the DLC. I waited years for Halo 4 to come out and still haven't gotten to play it. So many games unplayed...

edit2: a ton of nice people offered to send me a game/Halo. I appreciate you guys, it brings a lot of much needed light into my day. I can't accept any games because my laptop is made mostly of carrots and I have no consoles! ...I like Runescape gold.. :)
EA needs to be hit right in the balls. 
Didnt all of reddit say not to buy this shitty game months ago? Why did no one listen then?
Im all onboard the EA hate train as i was looking forward to this, and although i didnt pre order as i dont belive it has a place in todays digital age, its another game i wont be buying.

But more importantly, you guys pitch forking at EA are missing the obvious. EA doesnt own star wars, Disney does and if theres one thing Disney absolutely will not tollerate, its bad press surrounding their brand. You want to punish EA? Then you need to take to social media and tag disney in this shitshow and express your disgust at their assosiation with gambling boxes in video games obviously aimed at children. 

I would imagine should bad press go viral enough for disney to notice, theyd be calling a board meeting with EA pretty sharpish.


*Edit. Thank you for the gold kind strangers! 5 yrs on reddit and i finally said something people agree with enough to guild me! You made an old(ish) guy happy. 

I guess i should thank EA in some messed up way for annoying me enough to speak out instead of lurking and upvoting, so yeah...err, thanks EA i guess. 

I wont lie, that felt weird and kinda dirty.

*edit 2. Getting a lot of requests for the disney email for complaints/concerns regarding games so heres the one that seems most relevant. 

dimg.communications@disney.com
What are you talking about? Battlefront 2 is great!
Can't believe it's been 12 years already though
I wish there was a way to get 95% of people to boycott EA. Even for just a bit. The second they see their stock taking a hit they will change.... It would be the same with Comcast. If you could get 50% of their internet/cable/phone customers to cancel, even for a month or two this would send a HUGE message.
I keep saying this to all my friends. What really needs to happen is for E3 to roll around. Let all the video game and console devs do their presentation. Then; when EA steps out, and only when EA steps out, people collectively 'boo' and turn their backs throughout the whole presentation. The only thing gamers can do short of buying absolutely 0 EA games (unlikely) which would tank stocks, is to show them their actions have reached a pinnical of disappointment for their consumers. That gamers wont even be bothered to be aware/present at their biggest yearly exposition.

Edit: even I can't believe THIS is my top rated comment. I always assumed "RIP inbox" was a joke.

Edit #2: Ok so since this is still a comment people are latching onto and I have access to my computer now, I guess I should make as few things a little clearer. I know it's all paid-to-clap press. Those people are paid to write 'best in E3 show!' 'Battlefront 2 made me cry!' '#newEAgamelooksdope' bias is part of their resume. 'Yes man' their label. My point is that it would have to get to that moment where even the paid to gold seal 'reporters' have had enough. Sadly, there will never be a universal ban on one publisher. For those who've been in a guild, it's common knowledge gamers rarely will work together for the better of the whole without having their ego stroked as the one. I would assume this applies double for trying to ban a publisher. At this point, all you can do is the single most damaging thing to a major corporation; and that is to tank their stocks. Their PR will kiss shit stained player ass and do it with a smile. That's their job. What we need to start thinking as a whole collective is how to make their stock holders and CEO's start applying rose red lipstick and considering their go-to tongue action move. This means, actively boycotting all their products. Which nobody will do. I'm favor of a comment I saw where someone suggested, as far as Battlefront II was concerned, attack Disney. I agree with u/roxwar. >EA doesnt own star wars, Disney does and if theres one thing Disney absolutely will not tollerate, its bad press surrounding their brand. You want to punish EA? Then you need to take to social media and tag disney in this shitshow and express your disgust at their assosiation with gambling boxes in video games obviously aimed at children.

I'd assume Disney saw the EA stocks and figured they could do no wrong. Disney stopped selling magic and childhood dreams mid-80's. What the fuck do they know about fun and happiness (anybody who points to their theme parks have clearly never stood 4-hours in line for a five minute ride)? That does mean however, we need to stop the cycle of being the industries bitches. Take some fucking responsibility. In many ways; these practices became practical to them because gamers (us) showed them that it was a viable business model. Like paying for a gold subscription on Xbox. DLC that is a few skin changes for guns or characters. Sloppy/shoddy/irrelevant pre-order bonuses. Games that were released buggy because a deadline had to be met (yet are rarely fixed once the cash in comes) If we as gamers want a more responsible publisher and game dev; we must become more responsible consumers of games. We must learn to adult as gamers.
[deleted]
It's bought they've already achieved profitability through pre order and season pass. They literally don't care anymore they are on to bf3 by now I'd say


The only way to win is not play. Buying the game and being disappointed is built into their model now 

Get a franchise put as little money in as possible for the most profit back and milk it till it's not profitable. Kill the studio and go find another 


Like people like you that buy ea games then complain after but go buy the  next ea game are the problem. Preorders ruined the gaming landscape 


EDIT: In relation to me saying season pass 

whatever they charged 80 quid for this time on preorder extra loot boxes or guns or whatever. Same idea. Like they didnt charge extra for the season pass last time because it cost ea more to do the dlcs, that was already paid for and being done, they just needed something to sell the 80 quid preorder version
The names change the model doesnt.
Instead of buying it, gamers should rally and play Starwars Battlefront 2 classic (2005) on launch day.
Nah dude you can't pull me away from my star wars battlefront 2 2005.
We over in /r/Nintendo have all joined in. Not a single one of us will buy battlefront 2 for our Switch. Your welcome, reddit.
Am I the only one who finds it very easy to boycott EA?  

I just don't buy their shitty games like I was already doing.  
I officially began my EA boycott last year.  It started with NHL.  My buddies and I are hockey mega fans, and we loved teaming up on the EA Sports Hockey League.  We got the game every year... always hype for the early release in September!  But then nothing in the game was ever improving, the game felt worse with each release.  Each iteration of the game felt like a dumb downed recycled version of the last.  Every year the game felt more random and we were losing actual control of of our players.  Frustration finally led to all of us not buying 17.  My brother tried the 18 beta and was like yeah nevermind I know why we stopped.  


The only thing they update and care about is their HUT bullshit.  Because people drop stacks to buy more and more card packs.   Our boycott hurts, I miss hockey, but I finally decided after 4 years of declining user experience it was finally time.  Maybe one day EA will release a hockey game again that isn't so focused on micro transactions.  Or better yet maybe another company can make a damn hockey game.


Anyway we are much happier gamers right now living it up in Rainbow Six Siege.  Fuck you EA, and fuck you rammalammadingdong.  I miss my hockey.
Required credits to unlock top heroes reduced by 75%

https://www.ea.com/games/starwars/battlefront/battlefront-2/news/swbfii-changes-launch
You didn't even list the really crappy parts about this new game, and yet you're still right...lol
Can we do something for net neutrality instead?
[deleted]
[deleted]
You vastly overestimate the power of reddit over a AAA property man.  Everyone I know (who doesn't reddit) pre-ordered it before I even noticed this was happening.

I'll be skipping it though.  Not that they give a fuck.

Edit: I’m not saying you shouldn’t boycott.  Boycotting’s fine.  I’m just a little sick of the never-ending cycle of “BOYCOTT!” -> “OMG YOU GUYS DIDN’T BOYCOTT” posts because nothing changed.  The reality is a reddit boycott is only going to make a very small dent in sales, so this cycle of posts is fucking stupid.  Post about the boycott.  Then shut up about it and don't later pretend everyone but you ignored the boycott.
I mean there are legit reasons to boycott SWBF2, but you listed like none of them.

Heroes playing in cross-eras is actually pretty fun. Vehicles and stuff become playable in the match as you play.

Mechanically this is a great game. Amazing one, even.

But the microtransactions need to be toned down like whoa. Thats the reason for the legitimate outcry this game is receiving right now.
[removed]
>	can we boycott Star Wars Battlefront 2

>	I bought Star Wars Battlefront 2

That’s not how this works. That’s not how any of this works. 
EA has a history of ripping people off. you are a fool to think you wont be ripped off again.
I used to buy 5-10 EA games per year.  I, like you, got tired of their bullshit.  

I’ve bought one EA game in the last 2 years, NHL 17, discounted to $10 on XBOX live.

If you want to do something about, STOP GIVING THEM MONEY.

TBH, at first it was shitty, but after about a month, I don’t even miss their games anymore.  Saved myself a lot of dough.  
Boycotting is good. Cracking the game and mass distributing pirated copies for free is better.
What EA is doing breaks my heart.  The original PS2 Battlefront games were some of my favorite games ever made.  I probably spent close to a thousand hours playing Battlefront II with my friends back in the day.  It was our go-to game for sleepovers and hangouts because we were all such big Star Wars nerds.  When they announced that there was finally going to be a new Battlefront game, I was so excited.  I couldn't wait to rush out and buy it the second it came out!  It was going to be just like the beloved games of my childhood.

And then it turned out to be a toxic pile of sludge.  I never bought it.  I won't be buying EA's Battlefront 2 either.  And the whole thing just makes me really sad.

After the disappointment of EA's first Battlefront game, I discovered that the original Star Wars Battlefront 2 is available on steam for like $5-10. So I bought it, and I've pumped a crazy number of hours into it all over again with friends over the past year.  And you know what, the fun we've had with it has been worth every penny.

Fuck EA!
[deleted]
Doesn't matter. This sub-reddit and the Battlefront sub-reddit are like 1% of the player-base. People will still buy this game.
EA/DICE just announced they reduced the cost of unlockable characters by 75%. Luke & Vader now 15K instead of 60K. 

EA/DICE also shared they will have a Reddit AMA this Wednesday (prepare the downvotes). 

This one tiny issue may be resolved, but it stands among many plaguing the gaming community. EA needs to suffer for this. DICE made the change, EA agreed to save face. Nothing more. 

We have to stand together to show them that something like changing values for unlockable characters isn’t enough. They can’t keep getting away with this. 

Let your voices be heard! https://www.ea.com/games/starwars/battlefront/battlefront-2/news/swbfii-changes-launch
Fixing EA is important. So is the future of the pay-more-to-play-more internet.
The only way this will work is if the money they lose from loss of preorders outweighs what they'd lose if the removed micro transactions and they will go the more profitable route and remove them. Unfortunately, this is gonna be hard as so many people spend thousands on micro transactions and people suck at boycotting.
Cancelled my Battlefront II pre-order. 

EA have sucked the soul out of this game, I'm not dumping 40 hours into this game Just so i have enough in-game credits to buy Darth Vader and nothing else.

When a grind of this magnitude is introduced into a game, players automatically look for a way speed up or bypass their progression, it makes it obvious that this is obnoxious bait to get you to succumb to their micro-transactions, why would people spend 40 hours of their busy lives trying to unlock one thing when they could just pay some arbitrary fee to unlock it instantly, Its forced convenience, It's shady, and its a disease afflicting modern gaming.

Its real shame too, 'cause I love Star Wars and the game itself looks fun as hell, but when a company like EA is so blatantly stretching out progression to insane levels, only to ask us for more money to make it shorter? its hard to enjoy it.

We are not playing Candy Crush here, these are Triple-A games, where progression should be fair and balanced and react to the skill and effort of the one playing, not the whims of Corporate exec's trying to line their back pockets with the money of people who don't know better.

Screw you EA, you won't get my money.

Edit: They changed it, whoop-de-doo guys, we can go home. 

**NO!!! KEEP HAMMERING THEIR ASSHOLES UNTIL WE GET A GAME WHICH IS WORTHY OF OUR TIME, MONEY AND OUR LOVE FOR STAR WARS!!!!!**
How the Grim Reaper sends good boys to the afterlife in The Sims 3

Imagine seeing this play out in your foyer
"I'm told you were the best."
Developer: this may have taken 3 weeks but it was worth it
I had to unexpectedly say goodbye to my 13yo lab last night. He was a good dog, and a better friend.

This is wholesome.
[removed]
Today, my beloved 10 year old yellow lab was diagnosed with an aggressive form of terminal cancer. He doesn't have long to live. I had finally stopped crying, decided to hop on Reddit for awhile, and this was the first thing I saw... I'm back to bawling my eyes out.

Edit: Thanks for all the love and support, everyone. I'm trying to reply to all the comments but there are so many and I can barely see through my tears. I'm taking a break for awhile, but know that I love reading all the wonderful stories you have shared of your pets and I appreciate all the kind words. My heart aches and I'm still crying, but you all have helped me in ways you can't imagine. Thank you! I will never forget my best friend.
When our cat was dying. My husband text me all throughout the day saying our cat was looking for me, sniffing my pillow and sitting in my art room.

When I got home. Our kitty weakly cried and 'asked' me to lie down with him. When I did, he knew he had said his goodbyes and he passed a few moments later.

This reminded me of that for some odd reason.
The Grim Reaper is not a bad guy. He’s just misunderstood.

Edit: I think I’d like to work as Death. Being there, putting my hand on people’s shoulders, giving them a reassuring, warm smile, and gesturing towards their next journey.

Oh and thanks for 4k upvotes ☺️

Edit 2: So many people have recommended ”On A Pale Horse”, I simply MUST read it!
When my first cat died I was there with her the entire time and bawled like a baby. Buried her in my parent's backyard since I was in an apartment. 1 year later a beautiful lily plant grew on her grave, and it brings me such joy to see the life after death.
I'm gonna go hold my dog.
I had a Chocolate Lab I named Bubbles whom I absolutely loved. We'd do everything together. Growing up on a Farm on the prairies was awesome for a big dog like that.

fast forward a few years: I had to move to the East Coast. It was a tough decision but I couldn't bring him to a new area with barely any space to roam (35 by 35 lot versus hundreds of acres to roam).

Fast forward a few visits back every year for 3 years. He wasn't getting as much exercise and age was getting to him. I would always ask about him when I phoned my parents. My Mom and Dad were worried about his health so we decided we should make an appointment for him.

I remember flying 3400 kms plus back home to put my dog down. My new gf at the time also flew out after her rotation. We walked with him for a bit. His arthritis was super bad so I moved heavy stuff out of his way and he was just so happy to be walked by us. I spent the day with him, fed him some big chunks of steak and laid with him on his pillow.

The next morning We knelt on the blanket while the needle was used and I feel like he instantly knew what was happening. He was very weak at this time. 11 years 10 months old. He hobbled over and collapsed on my lap looking up at me. I was so happy to be there for him.

Everytime I think about him or about us being in the room when he was put down I cry. I don't regret it though. I think if you are willing to raise a pet you should be there for then at the end. No question.

Edit: that gf became my wife! I had a puppy before meeting her and now we have two dogs and a cat.
Death: "it is time to go"

Pupper: "was I a good boy?"

Death: "No"

Death: "I am told you were the best"
“My beloved dog just died ☹️”
My kid saw something on YouTube saying you could get the Grim Reaper to fall in love and marry a sim. So my kid sets up a torture house, depriving everyone of basic needs, in order to lure death into a friendship and start flirting. I was so appalled by this I asked them to stop.
I had a very vivid dream of one of my childhood dogs the other night. I hadn’t dreamed of him since he had to be put down and I was too young at the time to go with my mom to send him off. I woke up crying because it was very cathartic to finally see him again and see him run and look healthy. Now I’m crying again, and I almost never cry. 

Twenty or so years gone by and love still never dies.
All Dogs Go To Sim Heaven
That dog hugs him the same way mine hugs me…
There is a Meme about life and death loving each other. And that Life sends “gifts” all the time, and Death keeps them all.
*Looks at Reaper*

*Solemn head nod of approval*
Wow this makes me super sad. I do not like to see puppies leaving us!!
Jesus this comment section caught me off guard
My dog passed away a few weeks ago. She died eating a lizard and it poisoned her. I wasn't around when it happened but getting that phone call about her death... it hurt so much.

Even though it was weeks... I cried watching this. I wish she went that peacefully. God I miss my furry daughter.

I hugged her just like the reaper did here, except I would scratch her sides to make her perk her head up and lick the air like a snake all the time. We were inseparable, her and I. She literally slept with me, either in between my legs or under my arm with her head resting on my shoulder.


It kills me to know she was scared and I wasn't able to be there for her in her last moments. It tears me apart. So this hits too close to home for me. Too soon for me too. 

Enjoy your pets while you can. They will only be a part of your life. But to them we are their entire life. Please hug them close. For me?
This reminds me of something DEATH from Discworld would do...
The Sims 3 > The Sims 4.
Sim dogs get cut down in the prime of life? If the dog can jump that high after the stick why is it dying?
Why the fuck am I crying
Can we stop talking about dead pets for a moment (My 17 year old cat died one week ago tho) and talk about how every new installment of the Sims got rid of these cool little details? Like Sims 2 had aliens, have yet to see one in my Sims 4 game :/
Caution to those about to read the comments: everyone is cutting up onions
in last sunday, my brother's cat was drove over by a car.  


RIP dear kitty. you were a smart one.
THIS IS THE FUCKING SADDEST THING WHY DID YOU POST THIS 😭😭😭😭
Aww...Bone,Hugs,and Harmony.
ITT: It's a terrible day for rain.
This is not a great thread to read right before getting a dog
I had to put my last dog down this morning.....the feels.
That was so sweet and wholesome af.

Bastards made me cry.

I don't even have a dog.

I'm a cat person.
I gotta say I lost my dog recently. And it was the first time I lost a pet as an adult. Idk if anyone else felt like this but. Looking back the greatest pain was the days and months before she was gone. Like leading up to her death. I spent so much time obsessing over what would happen when she was gone. How would I carry on-all that stuff. I spent so much time worrying about the future and then once it happened—idk even what to say. It’s like it doesn’t compute. In a way I almost *don’t* feel grief *because* she’s gone. Her form isn’t here for me to actually experience or behold. It’ll never take shape again. I don’t know if some pressure in the sinuses can capture what I lost. But I guess that’s the point of crying and grief we have to do *something* when such a horrible thing happens to us. What I’ve l earned is no emotion or memory can substitute experience.

People always say the pain never goes away when they are gone but I’m not having that experience. I feel like I haven’t felt *enough* pain since she died. But when she was dying it was almost like I was dying with her. Grief doesn’t make sense at all to me.
"And then he greeted death as an old friend..."
This is very wholesome and deep for me. I lost my dog on Christmas Eve night last year. He was sick with other illness including Cancer, and died peacefully on my arms. It feel like a century, and I miss him so badly.
the devs were probably proud when making that.
Aww. This reminds me of the Sims 2. When sims died of old age, Grim would appear alongside some hula girls, hand the sim a suitcase and a fruity drink, then gently guide them into the afterlife, all whilst Aloha ‘Oe slowly played in the background. I sobbed the first time I saw it as a kid and it still makes me tear up. It’s such a shame they don’t do animations like these anymore.
I lost my boy just over a year ago. He gave me the best years he could, over a decade. Gosh I still miss him like crazy. I hope his send-off felt like this on his end. The emotion card that appears over the sim's heard doesn't really cover how it felt on my end.
About fucking time video games got something right
Noticing the scythe turns into a stick, gets thrown into the portal, but reappears as a scythe as the dog enters the portal.  So doggo gets faked out onto the Rainbow Bridge.
Oh god when death pulled out his scythe again I though he was just gonna merc the poor thing after petting him. 😯
I can confirm this is how it happens IRL too as I've seen it happen
:(
Our dogs bring so much goodness to this world and show us the meaning of unconditional love.

There’s no love like the love between a human and their dog.
Well done Sims devs
Nothing beats the first Sims 1. Just something about the feel of that game. Think cuz it was a new thing back then
As a teen in the 80s, my conservative God-fearing family wouldn't let me own Dungeons & Dragons. Thirty years later, my son and I are starting our D & D journey.

My father is a minister.  During the early 90's, he actually bought me a  D&D set.  I remember him saying "If you start worshipping the Devil, it doesn't mean that this thing made you do it. It just means that you're stupid. Don't be stupid, OK?"
I had always wanted to play growing up but never had enough friends around to play with. Recently, a few of my friends and I finally got together over a few beers and now all I want to do is play! There are some great quests out there. I hope you and your son enjoy every single one of them together. Merry Christmas!
As a dragon, I always enjoyed playing offices and accountants.
I was the kid who had all the books.  I shit you not, I got kicked out of my friends house for breaking them out.  We were just making character sheets and his mom was like, IS THAT D&D! DEVIL DEVIL DEVIL and I wasn't allowed over anymore :(  
The funny thing is that Gary Gygax is actually a Christian.

(And JRR Tolkien is Catholic).
Best dad ever! have a great christmas 
I am in the exact same boat as the OP!  My parents forbade me from playing dungeons and dragons but I want to play it with my daughter.  Does anyone have any tips to share with someone trying to DM the starter set for the first time?  It can be overwhelming, not sure exactly what or how I should prepare.  Or point me to some good websites that have tips and guides or apps that will make it easier?
I've played for years and just got my son started as well.  If you're looking to join  a game with more players look up Pathfinder Society.  It's an organized play group that's multinational.  The system is very similar to 3.5 and 5.0 Dungeons and Dragons.  Have fun, Merry Christmas and enjoy!  
It still confuzzles me that people used to think that video games, tabletops and heavy metal were satanist
As a nerdy 90s kid all I wanted was to play like this with my dad. But he was into sports and stuff that didn't interest a nerd like me. 

Trust me your son will carry beautiful memories like this the rest of his life.
God, I wish my mom hadn't banned DnD when I was kid in the 90's. I only started playing about 2 years ago, and man I would have LOVED it in middle school/high school. Good on ya, OP!
["My son and I are starting our D & D journey"](https://i.imgur.com/afzS8aR.jpg)

[My parents were also "concerned" about me playing D&D back in the day... but America's handling of D&D isn't [the craziest in the world](https://www.wired.com/2006/12/israeli-army-ha/) as it happens!]
May i ask why your parents didnt want you to play it?
As in a conservative god fearing family, My dad runs a D&D game for me and my friends!(We are in High school)
Good luck getting grandkids

/s
I recently started DMing a campaign for my son and his friends, when they wanted to get into D&D. We are using the Microlite20 rules, with an emphasis on fun over rules. It's a wonderful thing to be able to share an awesome hobby with your children.
Welcome to D&D! I'm sure you'll love it, it's the most fun you can have with your brain :) Any questions about anything at all ti do with D&D, hit me up... I've been playing and DMing for 15 years and I'll gladly share experience and advice with new folks :)

The reddit community's really good for D&D; check some of these...

r/mattcolville

r/dndnext

r/dmacademy

r/behindthescreen


As a child, starting at about 8 years old, I had a very serious panic disorder that sent me to many doctors, therapists, and the like.  A clinical psychologist told my parents that D&D was causing the panic attacks, and not knowing better, they forbade me from one of my few escapes.  Have fun with your son!
No one else has said it yet so i will. 

As a photographer, I absolutely frickin’ love this composition and lighting. 
My 8-yr-old son is learning disabled and has grown leaps and bounds as a role player and person through d&d and d&d like adventuring/role playing. D&d is great for kids! Fosters critical thinking skills, creative problem solving, teamwork and cooperation, imagination, and empathy and more!
I thought imagination was dead. lol

My mother came to me and my brother in the 80's asking us about it. She said "they" are saying that Dungeons and Dragons is bad. We told her it was just a game and explained it to her. She said "ok". Lot's of fun was had...using our minds.
My family was the same. There was never ever a possibility that dungeons and dragons was remotely OK. But both of my kids absolutely love it.  They play weekly at a game shop here in our city. It's been a fantastic addition to our lives.   My son who is reluctant to write anything on paper and has struggled with writing his whole life, happily sits and fills out character sheets and writes back stories. It's been amazing. They have a whole community of people that they go and hang out with that's diverse in age, race and gender.  Considering we're homeschoolers, that can be a pretty big deal.
My mother also taught me that DnD was from the devil. Then I learned what it really was and it sounds like a game that encourages and nurtures imagination. Really awesome of you OP!
I don't even know D&D but this is a pic theyll remember for decades
"As a kid all I wanted was to read the bible but my demon worship father made me play dungeons and dragons" 
Your son is left handed, he gets auto 20 rolls.
OP is a genius. d&d is a lot cheaper than unwanted pregnancy.
You should also have some 80's heavy metal playing in the background.  
By the way, cool parenting and good photo.
I’m 28 years old and only started playing D&D for the first time this year for similar reasons. My family isn’t conservative, but my mom does watch Lifetime movies religiously and genuinely believed tabletop rpgs lead to matricide. 
Have fun. My mum didn't like me having video games. Now I'm a collector
Those dice are going to sound like thunder on the glass table top.  
This remind me of Stanford and Dipper from Gravity Falls
You look like Matthew Perry
Interesting. As a somewhat conservative Catholic myself, I absolutely love the concept of D&D. I've been wanting to play for the longest time, but I can't ever find anyone to play it with :( times sure have changed.
To you and RuffMixa....welcome to the amazing thing that is D&D!!!
You don't own Dungeons & Dragons...  IT OWNS YOU!
My super conservative religious mom was super against D&D.

Then I started attending a church that has D&D nights regularly.

She dropped the anti-D&D stance after that. 
As a Christian,  I am sorry. Guys like Jack Chick help spread the satanic panic across the country and it leaves us all a bit worse for wear.
"As a teen in the 2010s my intergenerational revengeful father forced me to play an ancient game instead of letting me enjoy the Steam Sales..."
Have him roll up a Dwarf Fighter, maxing out CON and getting some good armor ASAP.  That way you can beat the hell out of his character and yet not kill it b/c of the extra HPs and good AC.  As a parent, it will be cathartic.  Have fun!!!!
My wife is 35 weeks pregnant. I can't wait to use electronics kits, play board games, learn programming and learn whatever crazy thing exist when they grow up. I honestly can't wait 
My Bible teacher at my Christian School got me into D&D
Some history in that it wasn't solely an evangelical thing. Evangelicals have always had a hate-hate relationship with pop culture, but D&D panic became mainstream a little bit due to the general "Satanic panic" craze, as well as a specific case with James Dallas Egbert where lawmen incorrectly speculated D & D drove his behavior (a failed suicide attempt.) The old movie Mazes and Monsters is a fictionalized retelling of that case.

The Satanic Panic in general is something that tends to be forgotten now. People believed that there were cabals of satanists around that abused children and did other nasty things, due to a couple trials that heavily relied on the now discredited idea of repressed memories. This was mostly a secular idea. The meme joke "show me on the doll where he touched you" came from this, but was used along with leading questions to get vulnerable kids to confess to being abused in utterly bizarre and false ways. It's something that reads like it was straight out of fiction, but it really happened in the 1980s, and D&D was close enough to get hit in the crossfire from it.

It happened mostly as a reaction to the rise of mass media and the pretty harsh amount of social change we saw in the 80s. It's actually scarier that it was forgotten so quickly; if you grew up in that time, the fact that people literally thought it existed, and that it shaped pop culture in not a few ways, has always troubled me. It actually affected Christian fundamentalist belief in that it spawned the "spiritual warfare" trope and heightened belief in the existence and power of demons to influence people's behavior. A good example of this is in the novel "This Present Darkness" by Frank Peretti, which was my generation's Left Behind. And people actually milked this behavior; the Christian comedian Mike Warnke among others actually claimed to be ex satanists of the moral panic variety.

It's really a cautionary tale of how people act during times of social panic and what can set them off. It's not actually religion alone; religious people opposed the advent of the bar code, for one, and never saw the level of demonization at the secular level we did with D&D. (Though we do have to thank them for really linking bar codes with dehumanization, for example; sometimes religious critique can actually be dead on in emotional tone, while not on facts.) But if secular people on the whole are vulnerable, you get these ideas transmitted widespread.

Just posting this if you think parents forbidding people from playing D&D is solely hyper religious nutcases. A lot of secular people fell for it too, and its too easy to fall into the idea that normal people can't fall prey to moral panic ideas.


Ha nerds
Enjoy your time in the [Fires of Hell](https://olddungeonmaster.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/fires-of-hell-5e.pdf), old man.
Is this starter set good? I want to get into it. Do you need anything more?
I got my son the exact same starter set for Christmas this year and had a similar D&D ban in my home as a child. We're going to open it up after I finish 8-9 hours of Christmas food preparation with my wife.
Notice how the photo is taken. The kid is in focus. And the dad is not. Brilliant picture. Great family.

Hats off Dad of the Year.
