[Image] got hit with a golf ball, guy that hit me works for Sony. He sent me this care package

[Your post history](https://i.imgur.com/t5SgEoq.jpg) is now one epic saga
Peter rabbit on blu-ray? This guys not fuckin around
Yet no PGA game... 
To everyone saying it’s a “don’t sue me” package - this isn’t really an instance where I could sue even if I wanted to. With any spectator sports you assume liability once you’re on the grounds. I signed waivers beforehand also assuming liability. There’s no case
Damn, I gotta get hit with golf balls more often.
Is he interested in hitting someone else? Cause I know a guy that wants a PS4..
Sad he didn’t send you a copy of Everybody’s Golf lol.
That's awesome. I once got hit by a car and the only thing the guy sent me was the bird...as he drove away. 
he sent you a "dont sue me" package.



**EDIT**
I guess OP signed a waiver against lawsuit. Still not worth it to get a scar in the middle of your forehead,for a PS4. Sorry OP, good luck
lol he gave you just dance hoping you dance away the pain 
r/sneakybackgroundfeet
Nice my dudette! That's a fine looking Playstation Fore package.

&#x200B;

I'll see myself out

&#x200B;

edit: what.... well this exploded. Thank you folks :)
Wow! Spider-Man, GoW, Detroit, HZD! Must have really hit you bad! Hope this makes the pain manageable. 😁
He’s a shit golfer but a great guy. 
Wow it’s crazy going thru OPs comment and submission history. 

-	excitement! They are working Sony Golf event!
-	MASSIVE HEAD GASH
-	FREE SWAG!

OP now has a solid story to tell from now on
I’d take a golf ball for that!
I was gonna be like "oh I wanna get hit my a Sony ball" then I saw the pic. My god, how many stitches did you need? Thank goodness it wasn't worse, that thing could have killed you by the looks of the damage.
Wow that is just terrible. I'm so sorry for you?

&#x200B;

Which golf course were you at? There are so many. What did the guy look like? I just want to uh... stay safe myself.
What golf course for uh research purposes
Would it be alright to ask what he wrote to you? Sorry if it’s personal, hope you feel better!
Cheap bastard didn't include the PSVR?  Time to sue!
I'd take some balls to the face for those goodies
Tell him to hit me next
PSFore
Can he hit me with a golf ball?
Why’d he send you a Camilla album? Lol 
Those Maui Jim’s better match the hat
Is it safe to assume that you were a spectator at a tour pro-am event?
No RDR2? Sue. 
No PSVR and 4K 75 inch TV? Damn what a cheapskate /s
Nice foot you got there.
Fuck, give me his name and i will try to get hit by his car. 
I like that you got Camila’s cd 😂 It’s a great cd if you haven’t heard her music 
So great of him to send you the new Camila Cabello album
I'm sure I'll see this on r/hailcorporate soon
PlayStation FOOORRRREEEE
Nice! I got my Playstation after getting hit by Elon Musk's space shuttle. As a care package, he sent me the Playstation plus Destiny 2! So awesome!
Are you’re hospital bills payed for id still sue if i got and expensive bill
Those toes though https://imgur.com/a/ISNahCr
Lucky you. I would throw that JT record in the trash thou. It's very awful
Damnnn.  

Wish i could get hit by someone in a Ferrari! (Without serious consequences. Like grazed!)
But are you OK? Where were you hit? That could had been really dangerous.
That one hell of a package. Did you play video games before, or are you entering a whole new world?
It looks like he needs to take some swinging practices with the help of Mr. Meeseeks.
He can run me over with his car if he wants.
I think it's time I try golf 
Can he hit me too?
What’s the Maui Jim thing? 
That's a pretty great deal for a scar. 10/10 would do it. 
Did the injury have any complications or did it heal just fine?
What golf course? Asking for a friend. 
Was about to doubt OP but then checked her post history and everything checked out.    My condolences to your pretty forehead OP, you're going to have the most badass scar ever ❤❤❤
A gentlemen's out of court settlement ...nice!
I would love to be hit with a golf ball by  Bentley CEO so that he would send me a Continental GT as a care package
Hit me anytime with a golfball. Shoot. 
Where can I get hit by one of these golf balls? 
i hit a rabbit at the driving range square in the ass with a 2 iron and i never sent him shit
Also sent half of a foot.

&#x200B;
PS FORE!!!
Score!
"Please don't sue."
Here’s what she looks like after getting dicked on the head by a golfball (NSFW): https://www.reddit.com/r/golf/comments/aeam9y/nsfw_please_yell_fore_before_it_hits_somebody/?st=JRFOYI5O&sh=3c0d36ac

Didn’t think it was gonna be that bad until I saw it
Ah yes, the limited edition "Please Don't Sue Me" bundle.
Congrats! I remember the time Elon Musk sent me a Model X after I was hit by his Space Shuttle.
imagine if he hit you with his car 
Which golf course? *cough *cough
I'm more interested in that CD
Where does he play?
He didn't send you Bloodborne, so he doesn't really care about you
No RDR2? Sue em
Maui Jim. Nice
No infamous second-son? NEXT!
Ask him when they’re dropping the new Vampire Weekend album!
I just saw the picture, you're lucky you didn't die. That must have hit you incredibly hard. 
You can tell it’s real by the Camila Cabello CD. 
"Please don't press charges. Here is a box of sht I took from my office warehouse."
fuck where do i line up maybe hes got a fetish or something. hi im nelska welcome to jackass.
Hotel Transylvania 3?
Damn can a Sony guy hit me with a golf ball?
He got all of this for free to buy you off
Can I get hit by a golf ball too?

I too aspire to someday be harmed by a guilty-feeling wealthy person in front of a crowd at a fancy establishment concerned with its image.
I hope I don't get hit by someone that works for dildo makers. Don't wanna receive no fucking "care package".
So who’s this guy again? Gonna get in touch with him.
Damn should have hit you with that VR
NO RED DEAD REDEMPTION 2?!
r/sneakybackgroundfeet
Wheres he golf? Gotta go make myself a target
Think that's big business for "please don't sue me"
This is what we call big dick energy
so this guy stole $1000 worth of shit from work and sent it to you? 
Ah I see you got the " please don't sue the fuck out of me " edition. Very nic3.
Wonder if he was aiming for you, knowing that his care package would be posted to Reddit for free advertising.
PSFORE!
Hit me next.. fuck 
Where did this happen? Asking for a friend 
*What a settlement*
Anyone who works for Corsair, please hit me with a golf ball
This just looks like an ad....
LONG toes
I WANNA GET HIT WITH THAT GUYS GOLFBALL 
Straight to game stop, trade for an xbox. Literally a first gen xbox because youd get 10$
Jesus christ that 2nd toe is long!!
OP why is your second toe so long
When the CEO hits snipes you in the head...
Fucking hell. Where can I get hit by Samsung's golf ball guy?
You def scored OP! 
Lawsuit avoided 
Damn, does he work for Sony or does most of Sony work for him? 
PS Foooorrreee!
Zombie toes.
TIL You can get free stuff if you take balls to the face!
Those toes.....
Can’t even get you red dead?😂
i hope the student loans office hits me with a bus 
No red dead?! What a dick
Sorry again for hitting you dude. Take care of yourself. 
He sent you a Sony ad 
With a note saying “please don’t sue” 
Where do I stand?
I see he sent you some great ***hit*** titles! 
What a nice way of saying please don't sue me.
Jesus...I'd happily get hit by the dudes car for a haul like this. 

For the hat alone really.
Where do i need to go to get hit? And what time? 
Dang, where is this guy hitting golf balls at? I might go stand in the way. 
Ps.....foooooooooooore!!!
Where should I stand?
ahh the please don’t sue me , care package..
I need to hang out at golf courses more often.
Damn that’s one hell of a hit. Where he plays golf at so I can get hit
Bruh WTF. Why cant i get hit with a golf ball by a guy who works at Sony??? :(
I'm going to jump in front of a Sony employees car 
Dude can he hit me with a golf ball! Sorry you got hit but damn sweet care package!
Some people have all the luck
Ah yes, the "please don't sue me" package 
Lucky! How come I never get hit with a golf ball from a Sony executive !
you get a cool scar AND a ps4.

nice.
"Please don't get the police involved."
Shit, plz hit me too😭
What the actual fuck homie????? 
I need to start hanging around golf courses without headgear then...
I wish I could get hit
Sony please hit me with a bus. 
Id let someone hit me with the golf club for that.
I fucking hate you. Lol
May I know where and what time he golfs? I would like to also get hit by a golf ball
Lawsuit: AVERTED
Wheres the golf course? 
Where does that guy play golf ? 
Would like to know the golf course, the day, and the time...for a friend that uhhh...would like that care package as well...
Hit me! Hit me!! 
I wanna be hit
Going to start wandering around on my local course
Please some one from Sony hit me with a bowling ball. 

I should play golf 
Save yourself and burn fifa 19 
How hard did he even hit you for him to feel that guilty??
Where can I get hit?
Can I get hit?
/r/hailcorporate
I'm happy for you!
Where is that golf course again? 
I won't mind to get hit by that guy for these 😅
Damn, what course my man?
I wih someone would hit me with a gold ball. Or a truck. 
No red dead 2 - you're good to sue his ass
Forward me his contact info. Ima set up a tee time for us this week
*proceeds to stand out in the driving range* 
[God of War][gif] I love that the game's developers took the time to make this

But I'm not a God..
Lol at Mimir
I really like that this exists.
Yeah, I’m so happy that the latest God of War game did well. You can honestly see how much passion and effort went into marking it, and how it all paid off. I’m excited to see what Santa Monica comes out with next!
I'm thinking *'is this new? Are they still making meme reaction gifs?'*

A. They are! Haha, this is pretty well done!

I can see this getting a lot of use.

[Edit] PSA: Heads up for anyone posting, people are PM'ing Endgame spoilers. Be careful if you've not seen it yet!
List of the developer made ones with the original ones?
“I’m bout to end this mans whole career” throws axe through his head
[Source on Twitter](https://twitter.com/SonySantaMonica/status/1121631175074648065)
This is pretty amazing.
I wish more studios would animate reaction gifs with their characters.
My reaction to this... https://i.imgur.com/E05ZGyK.gifv
Haha this is amazing, I wish they do it each month with those meme.
Why do I recognise this from somewhere? It’s a meme right? With real people. I dunno, it seems oddly familiar.
I damn near lost my shit at Mimir when I saw this posted on SSM's twitter.
This is great but is it official?

Hey /u/AliceTheGamedev,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Love it, their Twitter is basically one big meme.
Mimir killed me hahahaha
He needs to do the full leaning back motion!
Sony santa Monica are just perfect
I am about to end this god’s whole career
That's why I love God of War.
More devs need to get onto this
This is perfection
oh my god this is amazing 😭
lmaoooo.. it’s beautiful
Th-this..this is beautiful.
This is amazing hahahaha
Bang badabap boom  BOI 
*everyone starts screaming*
"I'm about to end this whole God's existence."

-Kratos, Probably.
If I had reddit gold, this is who I would give it to. Ah, masterpiece.
i was really hoping it was the looped version.. and they fuckin delivered.. this studio deserves the title "PreOrder Approved" because they clearly care
I’m about to end this man’s whole life
Bot! Beep beep! I'm all about top posts!

This post had 50,000 upvotes and got posted to twitter [@Reddit50k](https://twitter.com/Reddit50k) and subreddit /r/reddit50k!

The tweet: https://twitter.com/Reddit50k/status/1121848942440747008

--------------------

^^All ^^75,000 ^^upvotes ^^are ^^on ^^[@Reddit7500](https://twitter.com/Reddit75k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit75k

^^And ^^most ^^importantly ^^all ^^100,000 ^^posts ^^on ^^[@Reddit100k](https://twitter.com/Reddit100k) ^^and ^^/r/reddit100k
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 25) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Are you kidding me
**THIS IS SPARTA!!**
I'm saving the shit out of this post.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!

Kratos is so fast for an old man 

Yet Arthur morgan is so slow for a grown man.
This is the best thing I have ever seen.
Is there an archive of all of these in the original quality the developers uploaded them in? I need these.
😂😂😂😂!!!!💀
“I know, but i am your monster no longer”
But who is he roasting?
Kratos:  "Why be sorry when you can be better?"

Everyone:
One of the masterpieces of gaming history.
Boooy
Who are those guys at the right in the back?
POPOPOOOOO
😂
aren't there like a whole bunch of these that they released?
This is magnificent!
😂😂😂😂
Oof now I need a hi-res Joel from Last of Us Banderas GIF
They even fixed the tree in the corner!
‘Bout to end this world’s whole pantheon.
This has made my day
AHAHAHA This is amazing! Atreus holding up dude's head is silly as shit. Hahaha
This is glorious in all the best ways.
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](https://i.imgur.com/3lRPPz3.png)

Fun bot to vizualize how conversations go on reddit. Enjoy
2019 Rap video
 SIKE! That‘s the wrooong numba!
I found a previous reddit post with some Gifs and their counterparts 

https://www.reddit.com/r/PS4/comments/8evlnb/god_of_war_gif_god_of_war_animators_made_custom/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
They got Meme of the Year award too ? Damn
I remember the destiny version if this...good times
😂😂😂😂😂
This is amazing, I’ve watched it so many times to see everyone’s reactions
Could a gif become a memes?
Where is Baldur??
It's marketing. Think about how many times memes get posted. If a percentage of them are replaced with this one, it's free marketing.
It’s a shame because I wanted to play it so badly and then the game softlocked and I lost all interest.
This is what real pride feels like
Kratos: "I'm about to end this god's life."
Well memes are an important part of our lives now , whether we like it or not .
The guy in the original meme must have lost his marbles seeing this
Ll $ok
Hilarious I love it!
r/grannygan
I can hear this gif
Gamers rise!
Hey fellow kids
Amazing
This makes me want to consider buying a PS4
This is art.
You're my hero for bringing these to my attention xD.
Wow...even the gods have copied me... amazing! I invented that flex....but i'm not a rapper
I need to be able to up vote this more than once.
This is one of the best gifs ever made.
But I’m not a rapper
I don't know anything about this game, but this is gold.
OMG. is this real??? HOLYYY. Look at Kratos face, its amazing hahaha
Kratos finally ascended godhood
SUPERHOT FIRE
What's the actual name of the original meme!? Cheers
I did *not* see that ending coming.
More devs should be doing this. Amazing
I’m dying over here.
wow
Really thats awesome!
Loving this gif
I would love to see a God of War game where the whole thing was a hilarious parody of itself. Lots of 4th wall breaking and characters elated they did the thing.. I'd buy that.
I love Sony Santa Monica
Hilarious
But the wipe doesn't reset the gif...
Poor Freya lol
"I'm about the ruin the gods whole career" -Kratos
No.
Well done
The more i look at it, the more i feel confused
Lost it at Mimir's head. Perfect adaptation of the gif to what's available.
this is amazing
God of War 1, I did that 

Pseidon? I rode that 

Zeus? I killed that 



*OOOOOOOHHHH*
That’s actually pretty lit I’m not gonna lie(⌒▽⌒)
Nice! Lol
"When the gods created you, they kept pushing the expand button on your forehead"
#PSYCHE THAT'S THE WRONG NUMBER
Someone got paid to make this. That's like a dream come true for a lot of people.
Best thing I’ve seen on the internet in a long, long, time
I broke up with my ex girl,here’s her number
Wait did they actually make this?
Very nice
My favorite was the anchorman one 😂
That’s so freakin sick🤣
This is one of the most beautiful thing I have seen in my life
u/SageFrancisSFR How do you feel about the fact that they used your likeness in a video game?
I broke up with my ex girl. Here's her number.

PSYCH!

I actually murdered her along my child...
Atreus carrying Mimir over his head is my favorite thing about this gif and, possibly, ever.
When you punched your own father, a god, in his face
That’s hilarious
This belongs on r/highqualitygifs
When the gif won't load cause of your shitty Australian internet
How does that make you feel?
This is just amazing 😂
Who's the big blue guy on the right?
This is indeed godlike.
There is a ton of sitting around sometimes towards the end of development for some team members waiting to ship, that's why there's always day one dlc.
Didn't realise Kratos was the God of Fire
Nerds
Psych! Dats the wrong number!
The boy holding the head made me laugh out loud
r/grannygan
THATS THE WRONG NUMBA! OOOOOHHH!!!
Man. This is awesome. Made my day.
This is the best one I’ve seen from them. Very funny. Poor mimir.
I'm boutta end that God's career
Love it!
This is incredible 😂😂
Looks like a 2019 rap video
lmao, I am dying xDDD Love it!!!
You're a peice of shit if you don't up vote this post 
That shit 🔥🔥
nice
Nice XD
These guys are next level devs
Boom. Bam. Bop. Bada Bamp Boomp. Pow.
Based.
BOY! IM SO HAPPY THIS EXISTED!!
Legit? I don't wanna find out that it just something someone made.
This made my week.
Mimir is AWESOME lol
Good **God** I love the internet!
It looks like shit
I'm so happy with this
This is literally the best thing since sliced bread
Holy crap this is amazing
The decapitated head is underrated
SUPAGOD!
I hope they wrote a check for the content creators
This made me laugh
Look how happy Magni is!
I'm confused
Supaa hot fire

But I’m not a rapper
Gold
That’s just awesome.
Someone’s getting promoted
The way Atreus moves Mimmir’s head 😂
Get this to 1M upvotes please.
Thank you
Why am I just now seeing this. This is fucking hilarious.
I'm not a rapper
Why does the dude on the right of kratos (from the video perspective) look like his face is actually the mask of the father
r/fellowkids
I don't get it
The fat they did this makes me like them even more
Wtf. Best animation
Glasses 

Jacket

Shirt 

👓

🧥

👕

🏃🏿‍♂️
I can’t believe you’ve fucking done this
Please send more of these
Kratos>Thor
Kratos: ima bout to end this gods whole pantehon.
Can we go for 69k likes?
😂
LOL
Cy kóky
This is rich. 😂😂
Damn
u/-DenialAndError- HAHAHAHAH
A game developer made this?
Test
Sick as
r/fellowkids
BOY!
I love how this is literally all the characters in the game
I'm about to end this God's whole career
never played god of war... whats up with the 2 headed guy who drops in front?
I should play this game. I have it, but I've never really sat down to give it the time it deserves.
*reeeeeee*
This is stupid
This made my morning. This is great
Kratos: ima about to end this Gods whole worship
Lolololololol
Greek god : * exists *
Kratos : I'm gonna end this man's whole career
I knew this was the greatest game ever.

But now, it's the greatest thing mankind has ever conceived!
You mean you love that Sony marketing has its hand so far up this site's asshole they we are all puppets?
What a weird ad. Hardly any comments and thousands of upvotes
[removed]
But he’s not a rapper.
Ooh! Ooh! Now do one for Red Dead Redemption 2!!!!
Only thing good about The Last of War, sadly :/.
Bruh HAHA
[removed]
Is this some kind of god of war meme?
I'd love it if I didn't just encounter a game breaking bug in Tyrs vault just a couple weeks ago the forced me to completely start over from the beginning (which I did, game is great). But really fix your shit or at the very least reply to me (I contacted support every way possible and heard nothing at all back). Just soured me to stuff like this.
[Video] "The game looks so bad on console because it's 7 years old hardware"

Shit, I think Bioshock is still beautiful, and that game is like 13 years old at this point.
RDR2 set the bar pretty damn high
I will never get over how amazing God of War looks
Fuck who says this. And add one more game there: Death Stranding. Absolutly insane how good DS looks.
RDR2 and TLOU2 are the prettiest games I have ever seen
What about uncharted 4
Playing through Ghost of Tsushima right now.  Such an amazing game.  It's a must play for sure.
What are the first two snowy mountain games?

Edit: Huh I’ll have to check this red dead redemption 2 game out.

Edit 2: I've heard of Red Dead 2 I just didn't know it shipped with Snow Mode and now I feel peer pressured into buying this game tomorrow. Thanks.
At the end of this console generation, I gotta say...
We had so many fucking bangers on this console.
Video also need some HZD in it.  That game is gorgeous.
no horizon zero dawn, smh
Witcher 3 looks pretty stunning on the OG PS4 too.
Arkham knight is one of the best looking games in my opinion. Also star wars battlefront have a place in my heart
What, no Infamous: Second Son?
I haven't played a lot of PS4 games because I can't really afford a lot, but DAMN how can anyone say that the last-gen console doesn't have good looking games like God of War genuinely blew me away
What's with all these people defending Cyberpunk and how it runs like dog shit on PS4? Do you folks think it was ethical to basically hide the atrocious performance on the platform until it was too late? Do you think that game DOESN'T run like dog shit on PS4? Do you think that it's appropriate to say 'well of course it runs like shit, it's last gen, duuuurrr' when there are TONS of examples of highly ambitious, complex games like RDR2 that somehow released in working condition and look a million times better than Cyperpunk? Not to mention that Cyberpunk was SUPPOSED to be a last gen game, so how is that shit even an excuse? Jesus, people will defend anything.
The images you show there are great but feature empty landscapes without NPC, car density and such. Games like Watch Dogs, AC Unity, Spider-Man or GTA would be better comparisons for Cyberpunk.

Either way the 7 years old consoles excuse is BS. When you see the games there are on the consoles, there's nothing CP77 does that is so special it's impossible there especially when tweaking the settings (of course it won't run at PC settings ultra with RT)
CDPR has no excuse. Their apology was probably written in advance.
No death stranding bruh?
I think cyberpunk made us all appreciate these great games even more
Oh, how DARE you not include Horizon: Zero Dawn! That game is GORGEOUS!
"It isn't a fair comparison because CP2077 is trying to create a dense futuristic city!"

If I claim I'm making a 1:1 perfect recreation of our galaxy, except all it does is brick your PC, do I still get GOTY?
Yes Cyberpunk is dog shit on ps4 but lets not sit here and pretend one guy walking in the middle of a landscape painting is the same as a city that is supposed to have citizens walking around each with their own AI, buildings to walk into, cars or vehicles, etc. You should use examples like Spiderman ps4, GTA V (which made first person view just for ps4), Batman Arkham Knight, etc.
Well... I have serious FPS and loading issues on GTA5 on base ps4.
While I agree with the sentiment, people have every right to be pissed and CDPR simply never should have released on this gen, this is apples to oranges.

&#x200B;

Everyone of these games is gorgeous. But every one of them is also exclusive to a single system and not one of them has the environmental complexity of CP2077.

&#x200B;

Edit: I fucked up, RDR2 is obviously multi platform. But I stand by it, Beautiful vistas are far easier on hardware than dense cities.
Not trying to saying what CDPR did was okay or anything, because they shouldn’t have done the review embargo and not let reviewers show their own footage, but where is the sprawling city filled with NPC’s at in these games? RDR2 has Saint Denis and I remember when I first got in there my frame rate dropped and I had a few glitches here and there. That city is nowhere near the size of Night City. It’s easy to make a game load in trees and being out in nature and whatnot, but having a whole city run absolutely great? Nah, I don’t see it happening. Maybe on PS5. That’s a maybe. I feel like they were a little too ambitious with the game. It’s a great game don’t get me wrong, but I feel the comparisons in these games is a little unfair. Yes, CDPR deserves every bit of flak for what they did.
The snow in Red Dead Redemption 2 >>>>>
God of war and red dead 2 look so good.
it's hard to get over
3 0  f p s
Anyone remember how good Horizon Zero Dawn looked on the PS4 😳
Where’s death stranding?
This is such a load on CDPR’s part. When you’re making a console game, you know at best every console has the same exact hardware and at worst, there are maybe 2 slightly different versions. You can optimize the fuck out of your game because you know everyone has the same hardware. On PC, you have to make sure it runs on thousands of different configurations, some of them 4 year old mid-range PC’s, some brand new $5,000 behemoths. 

If you want to sell a game that’s a next-gen exclusive that looks great on high end PC’s, advertise it that way. Don’t fuck current-gen console players with hype and lies.
Even CDPR themselves have debunked this. 

CB2077 was rushed and unoptimized, it never had anything to do with the console's power. They just aren't using it yet.
All of those clips are in the empty wilderness. The issue Cyberpunk is having is to do with the density of NPC's isn't it?
The game was in development for 8 years.  It was literally built for those consoles and rushed out the door at the last minute to appease board members and investors who when they learned how poorly it was received weren’t very pleased. To be fair I fully expect over the next year the game will turn into an amazing experience after many updates but let’s not pretend it was developed for the latest and greatest technology.
Landscape with nothing happening, landscape with nothing happening, landscape with nothing happening, landscape with nothing happening and finally yes it's a landscape with nothing happening... I'm not defending what they did but these are not fair / logical comparisons at all.
Not saying you are wrong... but I believe takes extra power to render all the buildings, signs, people, cars...
What I terribly lazy comparison lol. Completely different games on every level
All I see are skybox renders........
Not making excuses for CDPR but I don't see any open world games with a massive city here.
Keep in mind this video is showing off games that aren't nearly as dense as the problem game in question. Tbh it was just poor optimization on their end. Could have been taken care of if they weren't trying to hype the thing to high hell and back.
The ps6 could release tomorrow and people would hate on the graphics on the ps5. How can you say the graphics are “so bad” you used it 5 months ago and complimented warzone’s graphics.
It is true all those games are beautiful, but they all have a common theme of being set either in the past or being a vast wooded area with no density at all. Yes, Cyberpunk should be preforming and looking better on last gen, but we cannot compare it to these games where there is no density and most of the towns only have 5 buildings max. Compare Cyberpunk to games like Spiderman, Gta, or Watch Dogs where they are in cities which shows the lack of Cyberpunk’s polish.
Some people just refuse to believe that Cyberpunk is a broken mess on consoles because they liked The Witcher III.
The only thing holding PCs back is their lack of portability (the lack of options to connect it to your living room TV). Otherwise, I'd always be gaming on my PC and upgrading it every 3-5 years.
Uncharted: Lost Legacy when finally coming across the temple it’s amazing
Anyone know the song?
What’s the name of the game in the first video ?
I played every one of those games on my 2014 PS4 and it kicks ass. One of the finest consoles I’ve owned.
Hell, you could have just used the Withcer 3 to make this point...
:) every year its a game not living up to expectations set by everyone waiting for it, i enjoy watching the yearly cycle. (loved the game btw)
Cyberpunk joke?
Last of us remastered looks great too
The handheld style camera work in God of War was a brilliant creative choice.
Honest question. If I loved TLoU will I at least like TLoU2?
All these games release in 2018/2020 tho?
The biggest cause for why cyberpunk is shit on the old consoles is by far on the cpu in the consoles, because it's a giant open world game with lots of AI, not really trying to defend the state they released the game in, just saying that this isnt really a fair comparison. (Though they definitely should've delayed at least the last gen console release)
Don’t blame the console blame the game
Cyberpunk is fucking awesome
We all know those are just excuses because even if the hw is old that doesnt mean a game has to look and run like garbage and if that was the case why not releasing it as a next gen only?

Truth is they wanted the sales of the base consoles but didnt put the effort to release a decent product.
It’s all most like the game wasn’t made for last gen compared to the other game that...You know...was made for last gen
Lol I love how the entire internet besides one sub *cough* low sodium cyberpunk *cough* has joined together in hating cyberpunk and their bullshit. Went from one of the most untouchable and beloved things to almost universally hated in one night lol.
PS4: VVVVVVVVVRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I forgot open areas is comparable to a packed city
It's a 7 year old game.
You have angered the PC manlets OP, good job
Open mountainous scenes are a lot easier to do than a busy city.
Yeah it just wasn't optimized properly BUT you also have to realize that the game is.... A lot more complex than those games in terms of whats going on at once. The games gonna look like shit unless they cut a bunch of shit out of the lower console versions...
Yeah, all three are significantly different than the game the title is alluding too.  There is no denying the cpu is straight trash by today’s standards and even the standards of 2012/13.
A few(not all) of these games you’re showing are where your character travels on a horse that’s relatively much slower than vehicles, so the game has plenty of time to load in the surrounding environment. A game like GTA is more impressive to me bc your can fly thru a populated city in a fucking military jet.

Regardless of that tho, CDPR has no excuse for the performance of Cyberpunk on last gen. The game has been playable for the most part but ugly as hell. For me the worst thing is having the frame rates during combat and textures rendering in the city. Using the quickhack ping in a high enemy area will literally drop my frames/second to like 10 or even crash the game.
I don’t think a lot of people understand what type of games these are compared to others. Yes, they are beautiful, but they could all fit on a single level of one area within Cyberpunk. Should be comparing it to Just Cause 4 if anything.
Single dynamic light. Not even comparable to city / night.
Deadass

Even my base PS4 can run RDR2 abd COD MW no problem so wtf is wrong with Cyberpunk?
No mention of The Order 1886 !!! That's sad. It's still an impressive tech demo
The most next-gen looking game I have ever seen is God Of War, combined with the tight controls that feel so satisfying, it really is insane what Santa Monica was able to do.  After that game, no major developer has any right to complain.
After 90 minutes loading
Exactly some of the best games out there! And if you pop your games onto an external 7200rpm disk or SSD disk load times are quick.
Okay but these are ps4 exclusives so they only had to be optimized for ps4.
Sorry ass excuse.

Only reason they're not saying they didn't put as much effort on the last gen version as they did with nex-gen and PC is to not lose stock investors.
I always hate the old hardware excuse. Like sure, by industry standards and by tech geeks always pursuing the newest and greatest pixels, then I guess you can call PS4/XB1 old. However by the same logic the IPhone 11 I’m typing this on is “old”, but it still works completely fine, does everything it should, and keeps up with the rest. You also can’t deny that there are MANY very recent games that look *incredible* on these consoles and perform amazingly using their hard and software. In addition, it is the responsibility of creators to create their product to function with the equipment that’s on the market. If I made a new car that doesn’t work well, or at all, using gas or electricity and instead uses some new next gen fuel then that’s on me for not using what’s on hand. Stop making excuses. CP77 no matter how excited you were, and CDPR no matter how much you love them, and their bosses and investors absolutely fumbled this game at every turn. They failed us. You don’t have to excuse them. They should refund every cent until they have a working product.
I wish they ended it with some super shitty cyberpunk footage lol
The first Assassin’s Creed still looks better than the game we’re all hinting at.
Look I get the game has problems but there is a huge difference between vast sparsely populated landscapes and a dense populated city.
Comparing vast open landscapes to a massive multi dimensional city with massive amounts of npc's/crowds/cars. Sure Cyberpunk shouldn't have released in its current state but people are delusional with these comparisons.
[deleted]
Voting with my wallet. Fuck CDPR
I cant help but laugh at all the manlets  declaring it the GOTY before it even came out LOL
Anyone remember Cod black ops 3? Remember the online graphics, how the backround was horrible but you character model still look great? They only released games on the old console to make money.
This was exactly my point when tryiong to logic with CDPR fanbois. There's like so many visually stunning games on PS4 from Uncle Ben die simulator to fox petting simulator. For any idiot to defend CDPR, its appalling to see how low the human iq can be
Ah yes, this argument again. You're literally comparing games that are optimized specifically for the ps4 with a game initially announced for PC. Cyberpunk is a port. And a bad one. Welcome to the otherside.
I mean does all of these games being mostly grass and trees have anything to do with It?
No use even trying to reason with the PC elitists and CDPR apologist mob.
Cyberpunk is a blatant cash grab when it comes to the older console versions. I thought they held back releasing to wait for the new console but no they knew what people were going to say and it would of ruined the sales
These are all videos in nature with only a few models. Cyberpunk's major problem is that it's all in the city with cars, people and massive buildings with billboards and stuff. They should still be able to make it playable on the PS4 it's not awful hardware but graphical quality ≠ difficulty of processing
Tlou 2 blew me away with its graphics and facial animations
This is why I can't shell out for a PS5 yet. PS4 still looks incredible to me. That gen doesn't feel over yet. I understand that PS5 is technically a far more powerful machine, but I haven't seen any evidence in any of the actual games that it's remarkably superior enough to wave goodbye to my perfectly good PS4.
A jab at CP2077?
All that scenary looks great but Night City is incredible.  I really saw a lot of diversity in the citizens that live there. And there is a lot of people all doing there own thing.  The attention to detail everywhere you go.  I can see why the ps4 hardware has trouble.  I am not excusing how CDPR handle things and I've had my fair share of issues playing it on the PS5 but I think what they have made is on another level.  Just my opinion.
I mean it can definitely be better but as I understand it there is no game that has  as many assets to stream as cyberpunk, and the main issue is that the assets are taking a long time to load in, rendering far distance LOD's close up. That's a harddrive/cpu bottleneck that these other games don't have because they're loading way less assets. Could also be why the resolution is so low - trying to save on vram. I think they would actually need to pair down the city details to get it looking good, kinda like what crysis did when it went to console. The fidelity was still very high but they had to remove many trees and bushes and other details.
Rdr 2 gameplay from the start is captured on pc @ 4K and ultra settings lol

Game looks really great on PS4 but still shitty detail.
Looking good and performance are different thing. Cyberpunk was not clearly not going to do both.
Witcher 3 should be on this list.  It's a great looking game for when it came out.
I guess, but these are not complex. Beautiful landscapes, sure. But devoid of any activity and there are not many population dense situations. I am assuming this is a video to discredit Cyberpunk 2077, sure, it should have been better, but these games don't have the same demands.
Sparsely populated open vistas Vs densely packed confined spaces.
If only CDPR would admit CP2077 was actually only made in the last 2 years.
Cyberpunk is both one of the most demanding AAA games of the last 5 years, and is also shittily optimized. Due to the game being incredibly detailed  (much more detailed than the forests and cities of other open world games in this post) cyberpunk will naturally be more cpu and gpu demanding. CDPR has alot of optimization to do, as the game is more demanding than most AAA games. The whole "7 year old hardware" argument is slightly valid, but theres also the fact that CBP was designed for that generation. The switch owners have been getting this downgraded treatment for 3 years, so one slip up on ps4 & xb1 isnt too bad.

It looks really pretty tho, and that's all that matters, right?
Spider-Man was a beautiful game
I don’t get it either. Besides, Cyberpunk 2077 was set to launch before the latest generation came out.
An apt comparison would also be Watch Dogs Legion. Managed to have a lively city full of npcs that doesn't look like garbage.
RDR 2 and TLOU 2 are something special graphically man. I never rated Rockstar that highly graphically. GTA V definitely stepped it up a bit but since it also released on ps3/xbox 360 I didn't think that much of it still, but wow does RDR2 look good. Can't wait for GTA VI.
Seriously though. CP77 is a broken buggy excuse for a game, that being said, i wish people would stop posting massive landscape shots with the most basic rendering ever. Oh wow you made snow look good fucking crazy dog. Im starting to believe this is just people meming cus project Red lied and said it would run on last gen. 

Seriously though, noone thinks that the level of detail in CP77 is the same as a wide open rolling landscape correct? I mean I only have cp77 on a mix of high and ultra and it is objectively better looking than red dead 2. The sheer amount of things to look at, the fact that, while super robotic and gta inspired AI, there are 50npcs on screen at any time with completely random clothing, piercings, cyberware, color pallets. The neon signs glow and actively reflect shadows that move across entities. Like..... what game are people playing? On a 3k rig its one of the best looking games launched. 

Now, can we all be angry that it takes a 3k rig to play it at these settings, of course we can, but just like crisis back in the day some company has to be the one to take rendering into the next gen. Cp77 devs did that and then management straight up lied to the public. Its a 3000 series game it CAN run on a 2000 and if you have a 1000 or last gen console forget about it.
Peeps don‘t understand that rendering a tree, a forrest, nature in general isn‘t AS demanding to hardware as rendering a city with more than one layer of verticality, cars, other NPCs. CDPR might‘ve fucked up with their communication and release of last-gen console versions, but comparing different settings of good looking games to Cyberpunk is like comparing apples to pears. At least use GTA5 as your base of comparison to make a valid point.
Ghost of Tsushima is gorgeous, now I have to go replay it
Thing is: it's scripted and sculpted environment vs pure chaos with 200 light sources on screen
What is the game at 0:08? On horse with leaves blowing...looks gorgeous
Finally, thank you
Most of these games you can't compare because they had one or two specs to deal with like god of war or ghost of tushima they are exclusives
Tlou2 and got made me go omg, these scenes and graphics are fucking amazing. I felt like i was in the real world in some of the tlou2 scenes.
**Cyberpunk 2077 has left the group chat**
I played death stranding and the last of us part II on regural ps4 that I bought when it launched and they were both breathtaking.
[PS4] [Video] End of a Generation

Man PS4 has had some amazing games this cycle.
Bruh the god of war transition I thought was going to be amazing then he just does a roll! The fire was your moment!
I'm just about to buy a PS4 second hand, so I'm quite excited about enjoying everything I've missed.
Very nice!
Sick transitions
Did you make this? Such a job well done!
Lovee this. Really appreciate Bloodborne concluding this.
Poor Days Gone, black sheep of the family :(
Where is knack 2?
Rip Kat. I still remember you
Previous post was removed for incorrect formatting, so here it is again.
[deleted]
Damn, that was good
Yesssss.... Finishing off with a Bloodborne visceral. 10/10
wait, it's all third person action adventures?
Ooh I love the transitions. Very nicely done!
honorable mentions: Days Gone, Nioh 2, Gravity Rush 2, Uncharted Lost Legacy, The Last Guardian, Infamous Second Son and First Light, Ratchet and Clank, Shadow of the Colossus Remake

meh mentions: The Order 1866, Driveclub, Gran Turismo Sport, Knack 1 ad 2, Until Dawn
dang no persona 5
Horizon zero dawn is easily the best game I've ever played. 

There are flaws, especially in the weapon category (check out this purple gear! You're only a few hours in and it's the best thing in the game and there is nothing more) but damn does it hit every single thing of ever want a game to be.

Just the story alone would be a blockbuster movie, and the game play is meeting else!

God of War was great, Spiderman was more than we could ask for, even the ratchet and clank game was perfect! Nathan Drake gave us our Lara Croft fix but I don't even know what will come close to what horizon did.
Bloodborne really changed my gamer life. We will never have something even close to that.
Best time to be a gamer and next gen will continue to amaze us.
Bloodborne, saved the best for last. Said it before, will say it again: The GOAT of the PS4 era.
Bloodborne alone made the console worth it
Bloodborne and God of War were my absolute favorites.  Uncharted 4 was great as well.
Very nice. 

Add Persona 5 and Days Gone as well. Both are unique experiences. ( and Maybe Infamous Second son too )
[deleted]
This just got me so hype for the possibilities on the PS5!
That is super cool! Looks like something the PS4 team might release, well done.
No hate to xbox tho, i have one myself but how can you unironically say that xbox has better exclusives than the playstation? If you dont like halo, gears or forza you are literally screwed, with playstation you habe such an insane variety of games that a lot of my friends are jealous of me because i own a playstation and a lot of them a xbox.
Let's be honest. It's not the end yet, lol.
Imagine buying an Xbox after seeing this 😂
I just love the fact that it came out with some powerhouse games like Ghost of Tsushima and Last of Us Part II even when the PS5 was announced. Like they very well could have made them only for the PS5.
Bloodborne is still the greatest game of the generation.
I’m an Xbox guy myself - but this looked great! Glad you guys had such an awesome gen with so much support and unique games. I had a chance to play some of them over the years and was always so impressed - especially with god of war and uncharted. I hope next gen is just as good for you all !
Thank you Sony.
Glad to see Uncharted 4 is on here, one of the best games, it’s so well done and I like how it’s still a big milestone for PS4
God of War was amazing. Perfect cap to years of playing the franchise
Saving bloodborne for the end was the right move
Major props for ending it with bloodborne!
Where is Death Stranding?!
God of War was so fucking good
Even as an Xbox player, I like this
Cries holding Xbox
god of war was so fucking good
That's it? No Knack? 0/5
Nicely done :)
Awesome
Great job! It's so well done
Well that was awesome!
Awesome!! Good job man!
See you in hot!
Very nice ! Would have loved to see a continuous music between the transition
Sony really did have some awesome games this gen. 

Seeing newcomers like Horizon, Spider-Man, and Ghost of Tsushima shine this gen was great.

The reinvention oh God of War was godly! 

And Naughty Dog outdid themselves pushing the cinematic boundaries with every title they released.

Cheers, Sony!
Amazing montage! I would love to see one that includes all the biggest games of this generation including some more exclusives and some multiplatform games like the Witcher 3 and red dead redemption 2.
This was such a great gen for Sony. I've had every Xbox since the original, but the One X may be the end of the line there. PS5 + PC just makes too much sense now.
I did NOT see that transition coming
This is King shit Much. Good work as always :)
I needed this list of all the PS4 Exclusives I need to play
Praying that Bloodborne drips it's way over to the PC where I can treat it like the king it is. Not hopeful...

Also, no Shadow of the Colossus remake? Shame...
All these games (except Ghosts) I own, Bloodborne being the reason I got my PS4, and the others only added to that reason. Definitely worth the investment. I may prefer PC gaming, but the successors of these games, and the new IPs will most likely be the reason I’ll eventually cave and get a PS5. Thank you for the countless hours of gaming fun, PS4, I was good to you and you were good to me.
This really wants me to replay all these games again. This was amazing!
I can't wait to replay all these games on the PS5!
Sweet baby Jesus this was beautiful!
As a 36 year old gamer, it blows me away how far we’ve come.  I remember when I considered donkey Kong country mind blowingly realistic.
Can't wait till the grace period between consoles gens is over. Most new games announced for the PS5 and Xbox Series X (mostly them) are pretty ugly looking.
Ellie and Nate Drake. My faves
I should replay Uncharted 4
The ps4 was really the 3rd person action game console
Death stranding? :c
Xbox lol
I’m an Xbox guy. Only use my ps4 for exclusives. But fucking ps4 killed it this generation with its games. Seriously.
u/vredditdownloader
OK great but where is persona 5?
This is the best thing I've seen all day, now I really wanna boot up my ps4 and start playing the exclusives I have.
After all this time I'm realizing that I've played the same game over and over again just with a different skin.  /s
everything looks yanky and rough compared to LoU2
Horizon Zero Dawn is such a great game.
Ended with bloodborne PERFECT
Bloodborne!!!! Still an easily replayable game to this day! Loved this
Would it be wrong to buy a PS4 before the PS5 comes out. (Context I'm a college freshman and looking into a cheeper gaming platform since I have a Xbox and xbox live but still want to play the same game ie. MHW)
days gone, horizon, GoW are the incredible games.  the environments in them are the best I've ever played.  I just got ghost of tsushima and that's definitely going in the same category, even though I have played it yet.  you can tell just watching videos.  it's hard to believe they can make improvements for the next gen, super exciting.
No death stranding? Lmao what
No love for Second Son? :(
What about Persona 5?
u/VredditDownloader
Ghost Of Tsushima is an absolute masterpiece, They atleast knew that there's a thing known as Touchpad motion sensor. Sucker Punch is just Amazing.
Ghost of Tsushima is the best game possible to finish the epic days of PS4
No love for infamous and days gone :'(
I know I’m going to get downvoted to hell for this but Bloodborne was by far the best game out of these. The rest all follow the same formula too closely for my tastes, although they share great stories they aren’t particularly innovative. They are what I like to call a movie game.
Lol you somehow made the FOV look even worse than it actually is.
...and every single game here has better graphics than Halo Infinite
They all seem very similar. 3rd person fighting and running.
Yikes, the camera is so close to the character when the environments are the best part of this gen.
[deleted]
u/vredditdownloader
Glad to see Bloodborne get some love in these for once.
“Single player games are dead” ubisoft ~2010
I have played all of those games apart from the last one. What is it? Bloodborne?
Since the ps4 has come out ive transformed from a wide eyed sophomore in high school to a prematurely bitter young adult. How time flies.
I only got a PS4 a few months ago - going to pretend this generation doesn't end for another couple years so I can properly enjoy it all. Recognized almost every game except for the last one, could someone tell me what it is?
#Ps4 iS jUsT a ThIrD pErSoN wAlKiNg SiMuLaToR
[deleted]
How is Persona 5 missing from this?
“Do the same shit in 12 different environments!”
wow
Great video dude!
Dude what the fuck.
[Video] I can't stop laughing

[Source tweet](https://twitter.com/legolas/status/1336768342993104899)
This may be a dumb question but didn't they make this game while the ps4 was the main console? Why is it optimized so poorly. both ghost and the last of us came out this year and they run well on same console.
John from Digital foundry said on twitter that the XBO/PS4 should have been cancelled. That's a big statement. Very glad I was able to get my grubby mitts on the next gen systems.

Link:  [John Linneman on Twitter: "@thomas0magnum @tacktful @Alchemist\_PST Did I say it was fine? It’s not. I’ve said it should have been cancelled." / Twitter](https://twitter.com/dark1x/status/1337002751545446401)

Edit: https://i.imgur.com/YcXaQbl.jpg 15 FPS on PS4. Ouch.

Edit 2: https://youtu.be/C5pHpQqhmR4 digital foundry on PS4 & pro performance.
Woah, woah, woah, woah....that's what it actually looks like?
Imagine people told me I was idiot for saying dont compare Rockstar to CD Project Red...

From a technical/technological standpoint no one comes close to Rockstar in building open worlds. It still blows my mind how good RDR2 looked on my base PS4 back in 2018, literally on par with Naughty Dog with what they got out of that system while not even developing exclusively for it and it being open world 🤯

Dont get me wrong im not saying R\* games are perfect, they milk micro transactions and their shooting mechanics especially in RDR2 left a lot to be desired. But in pure open world design they're in a league of their own.
Can't believe a new PS2 game launched in 2020! Looks great!
I have such a backlog of campaigns to complete (TLOU2, Farcry 5, Watch dogs, days gone) that by the time I finish those I imagine the bugs will be fixed and I can buy the game on eBay for around $20
Not worth playing on base PS4. I m not holding my breath for day 1 patch either
Funny how the studio prevented much gameplay to be shown from other people playing on PS4 and Xbox one by taking down videos
More like Cyberpunk 2007... damn why is it optimized SO DAMN poorly on old Gen??
I'm instantly less excited for the postman to arrive.
This is what happens when you get too ambitious..... you ubisoft yourself
You all are acting like this is the PS4’s fault. 

 Red Dead 2 exists for the PS4 - that game looks super realistic and runs very well even on even on my slim with hardly any fps drops. 

Cyberpunk is just horribly optimized on PS4, thats just the truth. They’ll fix it and make it more playable down the road.
[deleted]
They don’t got shit on Ubisoft anymore
I’m kinda scared to play it now 😭😭😭
Damn that’s a big difference. I was gonna buy this game this week for my ps4 slim but hell idk what to do now. Seems like most people don’t like the game and says it’s lifeless and way to buggy.
We've been cyberpunked.
Holy shit I’m waiting for ps5 goty edition in 5 years.
i guess we're no longer worried about the epilepsy thing
I’m done buying into hype for games
If this is true, where is all the backslashsing?

Spider-man had a whole lot of people complaining because of water puddles and now are silent with this. Just because is CDRP?

EDIT: By the time I posted this there were more people denying than accepting the bugs. I don't frequent twitter or the cyberpunk sub (because of spoilers) so I hadn't seen the backslashsing on these places yet.
Mine is still installing. This is frightening.
When Ubisoft does it, they're an evil anti-consumer corporation. When CDPR does it, they're just a small indie developer having to deal with limitations and we're the bad guys for not keeping our expectations realistic.
Does anyone know what this game is like when played on PS5?
Truly breathtaking
[deleted]
On my PS5 it looks good, while playing 5 hr last night it crash twice which isn’t bad. 

My little brother tried starting CP2077 on the PS4 and kept crashing right after selecting his penis size (no joke)
this is why i never spent a minute getting hyped for this game. this is also why i stopped pre ordering games and why i wait for them to be discounted after theyve been released long enough for all the bugs to be worked out
This is worse than watchdogs that’s hilarious
Maybe CDPR will finally stop getting a free pass on BS that other devs get crucified for? \*shrugs\*
It make me think when we used to set your graphics to low to play a game...
Yepp that part is true. They being ambitious.
Oh damn.. you mean hyping this up to be the greatest thing in the history of ever is backfiring since the company couldn’t deliver?! 🤭
I wanna karate chop all the blind mfers on Twitter that's defending this shit.

This game was announced and developed at the beginning of the PS4 gen. It is not a next gen game.
Yeah the PS4 version looks like shit. I will say the PC version looks as advertised from E3
Anyone who bought it for the previous gen consoles should be refunded and CDPR needs to issue an apology. This is unacceptable.
Honestly, to play devil's advocate for a minute, the game rarely looks this bad. I'm playing on base PS4, and while it's obviously not the same as a high-end PC or next-gen, the game looks perfectly fine and the important NPC character models and locations frequently look quite excellent. A few of the shots in the opening sequence and interior locations within (I did Corpo) were genuinely stunning.

The main thing I'm noticing is the sparceness of population. Whereas all other versions have a population density meter, I'm assuming PS4/XB1 just have this turned all the way down. It's made some of the setpeice locations feel pretty empty at times.
Who let this game go out in the ps4? This is a slap on the face for the people who pre order it.
Make it next gen, dont drop this.
On pc it actually looks like the first video, except for the bugs
Lol pc all the way
Is this just an issue of people trying to run Crysis on their Atari toaster from 1982 crying because it doesn't run the same as the NASA super computer?
This is not my experience at all, did I get a different product than everyone else?
I play on PC but those are two different portions of the game. Take the 2018 footage, that's when you first get to roam freely and it looked just as lively as that footage. But when I left my apartment the next day it wasn't nearly as busy (but still very busy). So the 2018 is a portion of the game that's meant to be a wow factor, the ps4 footage is in an alley or something. Also that's PC gameplay vs a 7 year old console.

This is probably a joke that went way over my head.
wow that looks absolutely terrible
Its a night and day difference with PS5 as far as my experience. I loaded in and was instantly struck by how beautifully colorful the game is with all the neon and surfaces. 
I hope it gets better for y'all
This it literally the definition of bait and switch. I knew when no one reviewed the console versions this was the case. But they've already sold 8 million copies they could care less.
 Not to be that guy but the disclaimer at the top does say “Work In Progress Does Not Represent Final Look Of The Game.”
Cyberpunk 1977
I’m driving around town trying to look for dense populated streets like this but it’s always just a few people walking around. I hope they can fix this game to be what they promised
I couldn’t even make it out of the prologue. Tried 4 different times on ps4 pro. Blue screened to death. Felt like I was playing on Windows XP. Game is complete dogshit. Thankfully Sony was prompt to give a refund.
Played 4 hours so far ps4 pro crashed 4 times but only when popping into the menu and a car ride scene. Few minor graphics stutter here and there but other then that im happy with the game so far
I was really wanting this game to get me through to buying a ps5 but there's no way id buy this for ps4 at this point. This is embarrassing
I was waiting until next gen versions come out and im glad I decided to do that
Super. Hot. Super. Hot.

Oh. Wrong low-poly game
So many CDPR shills and apologists in here.
Jesus Christ. Biggest disappointment in gaming in recent memory
CDPR purposely suppressed how this game would play on last gen consoles, absolute scummy move that fanboys will still defend them over it
There really is no excuse for how poorly it performs. I don’t have the texture pop ins or the lack of shading on my base PS4, personally, but the frame rate drops, the “blur” effect that makes things look super low res when RDR2 and, shit, even Valhalla are gorgeous on my PS4 is inexcusable. As much as I wanted to play this game and am still playing it I can’t believe how poorly optimized it is for the very generation of consoles it was initially supposed to be released on.
This was the first ever game I pre-ordered, I'll see how my own experience is, but from what I've seen thus far, it'll probably be the last game I preorder.
It looks much better than this on my PS4. Looks like he’s on pc and is on the lowest setting to prove a point. This game is genuinely quite good no idea why Reddit suddenly has a hate boner for it.
This is why I watch E3 footage of any game at 480p so I know how it will really look in game.
That's because of the recent pandemic. NPC's are following quarantine regulations 😆
Wait, so why are people defending Cyberpunk 2077 for this? Isn’t this exactly what happened with No Man’s Sky? 

Why are people suddenly ok with this?? I even saw a post saying that if you aren’t satisfied with the game’s performance on release, you can just purchase the game in a year when they release patches and optimizations to slowly patch it up. Like what the hell?

I get that people have high hopes for a game but having a game that completely doesn’t deliver on its promised gameplay on release shouldn’t be acceptable at all. The fact that people are defending this is actually insane to me after the whole No Man’s Sky debacle.
Man just imagine busting your ass for almost a decade trying to make a genre defining experience, just to have it launched in a state like this.
Maybe, just maybe, "fans" shouldnt have gotten so up in arms about the game being delayed, sending death threats and shit. Perhaps we wouldve gotten a better release if fans wouldve just let them delay as much as needed instead of harassing the devs to release as soon as possible and bitching at the product.
Should have followed what dyinglight did. They canceled the Xbox 360 and PS3 Versions of the game because it wasn’t up to standard. I bet CDproject wanted to make it a next gen only game but the money man said otherwise....
Yep lol, devs pushed back every release date and they still dropped a broken ass game with okay graphics. But cyberpunk fan boys another breed lol they’ll never call the devs out
If someone told you Cyberpunk 2077 would be 2020's biggest Rick Roll, would you have believed them?
It's unplayable at its current state, I'm surprised they don't have a false advertising class action lawsuit against them.
this bothered my dog
[deleted]
I'm sorry about everything UBI, shall we try again?
[Image]Ps5 first look

How loud is it?
If the BMW i8 was a console.
[deleted]
I didn’t expect 2 versions of ps5. I wonder how much the digital console will cost.
Can‘t wait to finally play GTA V!
It looks like one of those concepts of xbox 720 or ps8 you saw in 2012.
It looks like they got the inspiration from some skyscraper.
Really hope it's possible to put it sideways, don't want a tower near my tv
[deleted]
It looks like an Alienware Pre-Build PC
That PS5 is ready to do some blow and hit the clubs
It looks like Satsuki from Kill-la-kill...
I hope they have a black version too, not really big on white.
OMG the dust and cat fur will be difficult to clean.
looking forward to picking up a cheap yellow one in 2030
Pretty gaudy. I really like that the PS4 is understated and doesn't stand out under my TV.
It looks like a router to me
It looks like a pistachio
Paint it black
That thing better have like 4 USB ports on the back
[deleted]
Looks like a binder.
So you can either have a [Smart Fridge ](https://ibb.co/xCWRv9n)or an [Internet Router](https://ibb.co/f05Z7st). This is a tough choice indeed.
i really hate asymmetry in general.
Fridge Vs Router.
PS5, brought to you by Alienware.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Guess they wanted to ensure that it wont fit in anyone’s living room (both in style and in shape/size).
Looks like something out of Toonami.
As a straight line fanI look forward to the more boring looking, squarer slim version in a few years.
I can't wait for the affordable all-black slim version in two years
This looks like what 10 year old me would've drawn in 2005 for a futuristic playstation if he had any talent.

So 10 year old me loves it, I really don't.
The Ps5 by Netgear
Looks like a Dubai skyscraper.
[https://i.imgur.com/XWpP7wa.png](https://i.imgur.com/XWpP7wa.png)
Digital only edition, thank you Sony.
Bizarre
Honestly not a fan, but it won't stop me from buying it.

The digital only version really does paint a sad picture for the future of disk based gaming and the used game market, though. 

Edit: Seeing a lot of people here laud the digital only version - I'm just curious, do you not care about lending games to friends and family with ease, or the fact that physical copies generally end up much cheaper than digital copies? Are you not worried about being unable to play games during an internet outage or your account getting banned/hacked? Also the option to sell your games on the used market. Digital only can really hurt the consumer in a big way.
Curvy af
Looks like my router
Just an odd looking router. 1st impression
I wish it was classic PS colors black and blue
i spy a wiimote
If the price difference between the standard and digital version is substantial, I’m 100% going all digital and putting the difference into a bigger SSD.
*insert Squidward saying future while having a seizure on the floor
Looking like a whole ass WiFi router😂
A lot of dislikes on here, but to each their own... looks damned sexy if you ask me.
My Cheeto fingers are going to ruin this.
This looks weird as fuck but I kinda like it.
Looks like it's trying too hard and popped its collar.
Guess it's time for me to buy a TV cabinet that I can keep it inside of, this thing is hideous.
It's honestly pretty terrible. Trying way too hard to do the whole futuristic style. Genuinely surprised it doesn't have a couple RGB lights around the side. The normal one is particularly ugly cuz that disk drive stands out like a sore thumb. Wanted to get this on release but I'm honestly gonna wait for a black one. I hate white game consoles.
I really don't like this. This is going to be a pain in the ass to blend in with my living room. Wish they'd have gone for a more neutral design.
Cheesy. Matches nothing that is or will ever be in my apartment.
Not a fan in the slightest. It's like one of those ridiculous renders people put out about what "future" game consoles will look like. And they're always, like this is, ugly as original sin. 

I can't see this thing in my living room at all. Figured I would be waiting for a slim redesign years down the line anyway. 

It looks like a modern art reimagining of a Wii kind of with those fin things. Or a monochromatic plastic taco.
When does the ps5 slim come out because this is an odd duck.  Would probably look better in black, more muted.
This looks like an Alienware computer
I’m sorry but this is so fucking ugly
It looks like it came out of Detroit: Become Human
Looks like it has a popped collar
This is something 8 year old me would've thought looked cool. I'm honestly not a fan.
So, I can't be the only one who just thinks this looks fucking awful, right? Like it's so bad.
Looks like an Alienware SFF PC from 2005...oof
Looks like a Tesla charging station
This is gonna go down like the OG Xbox 360 and get redesigned soon after to look much... simpler.
It actually looks like one of those fake concept renders. Vile.
It looks like shit, but it's different than what we're used to so idk.
I think I will wait for the slim version.
Well, that’s pretty ugly.
Is this legit?
Why have they done this
That background was terrible choice for this. I can't tell its shape what so ever...
Prefer the sleekness of the digital, but you have to go Disc games.
Haven't really seen anyone say that it looks good, soo....unpopular opinion: I think the design is sleek af.
I don’t know why people hate the vertical look or that they want a black version. I think the white look is perfect.
That disc Playstation 5 looks soo....they should have intergrate it to the middle, which i think would look neater.
I love this look! It’s very modern, gonna fit my aesthetic
looks like shit
It looks horrible and will look crap on my black TV cabinet, below my black TV and on top of my black sky box.

But il get over it if the games are great
Looks like a stormtrooper's vagina
Well not off to a good start, the design is just horrible.
I can't quite decide if it is an ugly or drop dead gorgeous design. Certainly will command your attention in a room. Well played, Sony, and may it play well.
I mean... If we're going just off looks, I'm not a fan at all. Not a big fan of the controller either.
very futuristic. But I'm liking it!
I have never once bought a console based on how it looks. It's a machine that plays games.

When the PS3 was unveiled people made fun of it for looking like a George Foreman grill. When the PS4 was unveiled people made fun of it because it looked like a glorified door wedge. And you know what? People bought them because they had incredible games. And the PS5 will, too.
[https://imgur.com/gallery/XJ4nJXY](https://imgur.com/gallery/XJ4nJXY)
I need a new console because my ps4 been on the fritz so definitely gonna get this day one. . . but overall unimpressed.  all the games looked like ps4 games, the box looks ridiculous, and they didn't mention wifi once.  wifi has been playstation's weak point and it's a reality for many users.  obviously wired connection is ideal, but it's just not practical for many.


on the plus side, I am so psyched to have an officially supported media remote and the haptic feedback/trigger action have me pumped about jamming some new games.  hoping the console with disc drive sits under $600, but also hope that they can confirm audio CD support (need to keep devices around for legacy media support, game console makes the most sense)
How am I supposed to use sideways?
Panels are curved it won't stay still.
My favorite takeaways from todays event in no particular order:

1. Demons Souls getting another shot in the spotlight which it so rightly deserves as the hardened father of the Soulsbourne revolution.
2. Digital Only Console version. I'm on board because nearly 90% of my purchases now a days are digital and I'm hoping the price will be low enough for me to be interested in it.
3. Resident Evil 8 was a surprise to be honest but I trailer actually sort of looked Resident Evily before the tile was revealed.
4. Holy Shit did you guys see Horizon 2? Goddamn. I'm not even a fan of the original but I'm aware of it's graphical prowess.........but GODDAMN. Best looking game I've ever seen.

&#x200B;

Other than that nothing really looked all the "Next Gen" to me. The games sure look cool but nothing screamed "Next Gen" to me except for maybe Horizon 2.
All hail r/ps5
Part of me thinks it looks cool and futuristic, while the more rational part thinks it looks dumb af. I genuinely cannot tell if I like it or not.
**In Bruce Wayne’s voice**
“does it come in black?”
I still think it looks better than the Xbox series X
Is the console able to be placed horizontally?
My disappointment is unmeasurable
Ps5 looks like a true 80s console  but honestly i do like the ps4 design better
Thanks, I hate it.
GOW voice actor Christopher Judge clarifies on delay about Ragnarok, “💯 in my feels right now. I need to be forthcoming. To the beloved fandom, Ragnarok was delayed because of me. August 2019, I couldn’t walk. Had to have back surgery both hips replaced and knee surgery. SMS waited for me too rehab.

How did he get hurt so badly?
I see nothing bad in it. And Sony seems to have a special treatment for Santa Monica all the way down.
Hey here's Christopher Judge as Kratos doing dad jokes.

https://youtu.be/PWwvR6cSH4o
Jesus Christ. Did he get into a fight with the Stranger? I'm glad he's doing fine now.
Probably hurt his back from all the idiotic Jaffa he had to carry through a rebellion for his peoples freedom from the Goa'uld.
No threats, no ,” who do you think you are?” Nothing but love and support. And @SonySantaMonica has never said a word about the delay, and what caused it. Studios are assholes, but this company from top to bottom, should give us hope. What they did for the crew is way more… 

That I can’t talk about, but I’ve said to all involved, it’s not he classiest thing that ive EVER heard about in this business.  Everyone involved in the GofW franchise puts their hearts and souls in every frame you see. I want thank everyone that’s has allowed me to play…

And laugh, and love, and cry, without judgement, but with unconditional support and love, in this thing of ALL OF OURS ❤️❤️❤️❤️

https://twitter.com/iamchrisjudge/status/1443436861867708419?s=21
[deleted]
Lol as if anyone would hold that against him lol. You gotta be a special head case to do that. Nah man all good. I have no trouble waiting for a game knowing staff were treated right and nothing was rushed. Rather wait an extra month or year than get hot garbage.
Feel like voice actor is underselling it a bit. He does full performance capture doesn’t he?
Hol' up a minute.

Teal'c is Kratos???

Edit: [Indeed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm8FwzHUGCs)
The game wouldnt have been the same without him as Kratos. I'm glad they delayed it.
Little off topic but I'm loving the love old stargate actors are getting these days.

Christopher Judge and Jason Mamoa are killing it these days and to think these are the 2 alien tough guys I used to watch back in the day.
Poor guy really screwed himself when he decided to give up his symbiote in favour of taking doses of tretonin :(
I love how the studio never gave an excuse for the delay, because it’s not our place to know stuff like this. Especially since it involves somebody’s health. It’s delayed, period. 
Quality over release date. 
Just remember, people are willing to shit on anything out of spite, or without regard to anybody involved. Maybe Mr. Judge thought giving a reason for the delay would help those people understand, which is admirable. But some people are just irrationally uncaring. They just want way they want NOW.
That’s fair enough can’t be mad at that to be honest
This dude is such a champ, totally fell in love with him watching the making of GoW on the YouTube channel, properly unexpected emotional journey
The aftereffects of carrying the SG-1 team for years.
If it means the game will be at 100% then I don’t care, if I’ve learned anything about gaming it’s that a delay is better than a shitty game. Plus that’s really dope of them to let him get right before continuing and him addressing the public to let us know is awesome. Hope his recovery is going well and can’t wait for some fucking Ragnarok
Can't wait for the next Teal'C game. I mean God of War game.
It will definetely reflect on your role for Ragnarok in positive way :)
If Teal'c needs time to heal you give fuckin' Teal'c the time he needs and wait for your game. End of story.
I bet the dev team is not very secretly loving the extra time to get bugs out anyway.
Long live Teal'c
I have no problem with waiting for a good complete game. It’s when you wait for a game that’s still released unfinished that pisses me off **cough** cyberpunk **cough**

It’s always worth it when the end result is getting something great
"Indeed"
I knew he looked like the guy on star gate. lol
Oh my god wish speedy recovery 🥺🙏
And all of a sudden, nobody was pissed off having to wait a while longer.
I know he wont see this but I love Christopher Judge and I hope he recovers ok. His work is awesome. Tealc will always be one of my all time favorite characters in fiction and its all because of his amazing acting. Indeed!
Take all the time you need king
Saving the galaxy from false gods is hard work good to hear he’s recovered.
Well, the Realm Travel bridge did look pretty heavy...
Very sad he felt he needed to apologise for this. Christopher Judge is such a nice man and GoW4 was his first step into the world of videogame acting/voice acting.
[deleted]
Wait... He went with surgery? Did he forget about the rejuvination chamber that also cures all defects?

I mean, it's fine of you use it only once a year.
Man these posts always scare me because half the time it’s about someone dying and I would be so sad if Kratos died
To be honest that's dedication because they could have replaced him but no that company really listens to the god of war community
It's just video games, we can wait until he get better. Nobody can complain about Kratos himself delaying his own game! I dont want to be the main vilain of the next trilogy
As long they don't treat GOW as EA treat their games
damn. no probs. get well soon CJ
I honestly doubt that's the only reason it got delayed. Horizon forbidden west had a lot to show for a long time now and it was still delayed from 2021 to the beginning of 2022. I think his condition delayed it further, but even then i doubt it was gonna make it in 2021.
Damn that’s a lot of surgeries. I hope he’s better, and it’s nice they waited for him to rehab. Is he really that hands on motion capture wise? Or just voice acting? 

Need to watch Stargate now.
I'm 100% ok with waiting as long as it takes for him to recover and do the voicing. I wish studios in general would say something in situations like this.  Even if it was nebulous like "A person integral to the game has had some extreme life circumstances to deal with. We are working on other parts of the game while we await their return." I think that that makes it a point that it's out of everyone's control and for anyone with a shred of empathy it makes sense to wait and work on other aspects in the meantime.  

In brief, a shred of transparency to the process goes a long way with people being able to be patient.
Damn hope he is ok now. But this definitely makes sense to why the game has taken 4 years+. I remember hearing a while back that the alot of the 5 years spent on the first game was just coming up with an idea and developing the mechanics of the game. They said the sequel would be faster since they already have the basis for that layout. This (and COVID) definitely explain why it has taken longer
That’s a lot of stuff all at once
What a lad
This is wholesome as fuck, I love it.
What an awesome dude. Was great in Stargate and is amazing as a voice actor. Excited to see what he accomplishes in the future.
Chris Judge was always amazing to the Stargate community, so I'm glad the GoW community gets to experience his awesomeness first hand too. I wish him good health.
I don’t care what reason a game has for it being delayed. Make it how you want it and make it work. However long that takes.
Doctor said I need a backayatomy!
It's awesome that he's so gracious, but I can't imagine how many fucktards flooded his DM's with death threats because they value a bunch of 0's and 1's over a human life.
Does such a good voice actor think I care about a delay? Dude better be healing good and not pushing it
I am not mad or anything. This man is strong as fuck to go through such a painful ass surgery and rigorous therapy. If the studio is willing to wait then so can fans and understand that he is a human being and he needs to recover as well.
Man, I don't care how long this game takes. I can already tell it's gonna be amazing. It sucks to hear what Judge had to go through though. I hope he's doing better now. That whole situation sounds really be intense. I'm just glad he had the strength to come back. Kratos wouldn't be nearly as good without Judge's velvet voice behind him.
Wow all those surgeries on top of each other.  That is a lot of pain and physical therapy.
Gives me more time to get a PS5
Wow. Props to him for being forthcoming about it. This actually makes me happier in the sense that their schedule seemed to just get backed up instead of them actually being behind on the real core of the game. The game with be well worth the wait.
I've been saying kratos was just lightskin black since 2008
I am just realizing Teal'c is Kratos. I think I need to replay the game now.
Hope he takes all the time he needs, he is kratos.
How dare he be so selfish? "Back surgery"? Pfff. 

/S
That's cool man. Take your time.
I hope teal’c gets better
Indeed
Wow, I had no idea that Kratos was Teal’c.
Holy shit take your time! Impossible to not feel some type of way while millions of people are "waiting on you" though. Speedy recovery!
Much love for this guy. I respect that. Have nothing to be sorry about.
TIL GOW guy was in Stargate Television show.
this guy got 2 hips? damn lucky
Just glad he's okay
Instead of peeps being like “wow thanks for the transparency “ there’s comments questioning “how he possibly got hurt so badly “ lmao!!!! Gamers yall toxic as fuck man lol
As they should have Christopher has nothing to apologize for and neither does Santa Monica Studios they both did what was right in that situation and objectively what I believe was better for the game
I saw "GOW voice actor Christopher Judge..." pop up as a notification on my phone and nearly shat myself thinking we lost him.
Yo as someone who has loved these games my entire life and having to wait for the second game in the new installment because an amazing voice actor was recovering I can wait till 2022 to play the next part hell even 2023. Because the longer the recovery the more likely to be a third game in the franchise
Unpopular opinion: Gamers are the most weirdly entitled folks.  No developer, publisher, or *voice actor* owes anyone an explanation.  The game got delayed, big fucking deal.  It's still going to be a masterpiece, just chill the fuck out kids.
Teal'c's body has had it rough since the last major event a the SGC.
Holy shit Teal'c is Kratos! Mind blown!
Wait, Kratos is Teal'c!? What an amazing job
This is TOTALLY understandable and acceptable. His physical well-being is FAR more important than whether or not a game he is voice acting in comes out on the original release date or not. Good on SMS for allowing him the time to get this done and rehab all of it. 👍
Don't blame him, blame the Goa'uld and all the years he spent fighting them.
Goddam, why did they ever remove his symbiotic!
You know what? Delaying a game for this reason is all good. The first game was amazing, and if they need to take time for the second one because of this, then it’s all good
Good on SMS, but also, God of War was an incredibly smooth and bug free experience for me. I would rather the studio take the time and make the game polished than rush it out. 

They got to do right by Judge, and get more time to polish. This is a win win for everyone. So hype to play this game.
This is why I never complain about delays, no one knows for sure why unless it's clarified, but one thing is always true, delays are good, and happen for a good reason. Imagine if they'd decided to fill in with someone else, it wouldn't be the same.
Death threats incoming...
I think we can give Kratos a pass. But why did Sony then advertise a release year in summer 2020? They knew by that point it wasn't happening.
Xbox is now going to allow customers to self-refund any game purchased within 14 days with under 2 hours of playtime. Please, let's put the pressure on Sony to implement something like this as well.
This is the kind of forward thinking customer-centric thinking that helps all users.  No dealing with customer service, no hassle, easy.  Someone buys something on your account?  Game is buggy or broken?  Trailers really misleading?  Simply refund the game (not season pass or DLC) yourself within 14 days as long as you haven't played it for more than 2 hours.

http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1360002


Shawn Layden (chairman SIE Worldwide Studios) twitter: 

https://twitter.com/ShawnLayden

https://twitter.com/PlayStation
that would be a nice feature
No mans sky would have been fucked off in about 20 minutes.
I don't know if Shawn Layden is really the one to put pressure on, but idk of anyone else like a Phil Spencer type figure in Sony, so I just included him and the PlayStation twitter.  Shuhei is more just about games, and don't know if he has the say in back-end stuff like that.
It's one of my favorite things about Steam and I'm glad the Xbox is doing it now, too.
Another big difference is the fact that Xbox actually communicates with their customers on places like this, while Sony does absolutely not.
Wow. Kudos to Microsoft. Really doing good things lately.
That's awesome. I'm all for Microsoft and Sony pushing each other on features. Microsoft has actually been pretty decent on refunds for me in the past, I got Quantum Break for Windows 10 and Halo: Reach BC refunded pretty easily through their support chat. Sony on the other hand hasn't been quite as flexible (as many users here know), though I've never needed to get something refunded on PS3/PS4 myself. Hope to see Sony revise some of their policies on that front now.
As much as I love the PS4, Sony has been doing a really bad job with listening to the community and acknowledging features and updates we want.

Xbox has been killing it in terms of customer support, though. Major Nelson is frequently browsing r/XboxOne, and constantly updates the community on features and replies to many comments. Between that and randomly adding in features such as this, they've been destroying us in terms of support.

When is the last time PS4 "randomly" introduced a cool new feature?
This needs to happen on the PStore, men last time I was trying to get Ark refunded but they denied it, that game is just sitting there just to remind me how much I need to be careful into buying stuff impulsively. 
Isn't this a requirement in the EU anyway?
This is a great move
Man i dont even need 2 hours gametime, let me refund with 30 minutes of gametime and I'll be stoked
Would also put pressure on game developers seeing as how they have to make an entertaining game they can't sell on the trailer for all the 3 systems.
I mean steam has been doing this but only recently.  Things are still adjusting a bit to the digital age and will probably take some time before this becomes a more normal thing.
This should be standard practice, especially with misleading pre-ordered games that endup being bad.
Soooo, you still can't change your name and we expect refunds from Sony?
This makes Xbox look more appealing.  Now before you go downvoting this because of your PS4 fanboy-ism, this is what Sony needs to hear from us.
Hopefully sony copies them.
Damn I want my money back on ark
I'm good.  Learned my lesson with No Man's Sky.  I'll never buy a game without absolutely knowing that I want it now.
Good luck. Sony never listens to its customers.
Maybe we should all just switch to Xbox ;)
It's pretty awesome how this became r/PS4 top post in such a short time . It shows how this community can come together 
I'd love to see it and I love my Playstation, but let's be honest here, it's the exact kind of forward thinking customer-centric viewpoint that Sony is not known for. 
If they do this I'll be shocked. 
Would be nice to basically demo any game for free. Although I think I at some point I heard about not getting a refund if you get a trophy in a game, I would hope that wouldn't be a factor since some games give you a trophy within minutes of starting it.

A function like this might make me go digital since you can't return a physical game for full price generally. Might really help the PSN.
I would switch to digital in a heartbeat if this became a thing. I don't mind spending $60 on a new game, but if that game is terrible I just feel ripped off without the ability to get a refund. 
I regret buying a PS4 over an Xbox One very often nowadays. Between their god awful customer service, 0 attempts at backwards compatibility, and now this...? If I could get even half my library transferred over to the Xbox one I'd trade in a heartbeat.
Sony aren't that nice, and have shit customer support from my experience. Good luck.
While we're at it, why don't we put pressure on them to not charge a $5 minimum on the store either?

Anything that is on sale for less than $5 isn't actually that price. You're going to pay $5 for that $3 item.
Xbox owner here, had no clue this was a thing. Thank you PS4 Reddit. #PapaBless
I'd have quite a few games refunded by now. Sony, come on. Jump on board.
hahaha, this is NEVER going to happen. We can't even change our usernames yet, and they don't even do a refund for a pre-ordered game, so I don't know why they would turn a leaf. While they are at it, let us play our digital collection of PS3 games on PSNow for free. That'd save face with quite a few.

Sorry, I don't mean to bash, as I am a Sony fanboy. But the fact of the matter is that Sony is pretty stubborn on certain things, and this will likely be one of them.
This is a message to adults with disposable income - buy a Xbox. I got one the other day and there are so, so many things I wish PS4 had, I got legitimately mad.

I could change my old gamertag from 10 years ago. I downloaded games at the speed I pay my ISP for. I played Black Ops 2 and bought Red Dead Redemption on back compat today. The UI is faster, smoother, and cleaner. Games Pass makes me hate PS Now even more. Got a month of EA access because "Fuck it, why not. Its $5". Bought some games and it turns out I can play them on my gaming PC too. Now refunds. Not to mention Scorpio coming, which after seeing what industry people say about it, makes me kinda regret getting a Pro and not just sticking with my OG. They really put effort into it - it doesn't look half-baked at all. (Looking at you - boost mode. ^^^^^^whichIlove)

Again, before tweens freak out. I got everything except a Switch (not my cup-o-tea). Competition is good. It drives industry in a way in which consumers win. You also have to give credit where credit is due. 

Plus, I got this sinking feeling in my stomach, with PS Now - Watch the PS5 not be backwards compatible. Mark my words. Meanwhile MS is saying things like "People buy a new phone or tablet and expect their apps to come with them and run better." I like being able to boot games I bought 10 years ago on Steam. Why not. Also, please don't say dig my old PS4 out of the closet. Hardware dies and no one wants to go through all that.
Completely consumer friendly. How can anyone bitch about this? Seriously.
Sounds nice
I've had zero problems refunding games with Microsoft i think i've done it 3 times now. Meanwhile Sony are a bunch of god damn assholes about it and once they do give you it they ban you from chat support.
They also allow name change :(
[deleted]
It won't happen because Sony is fucking stupid.
Microsoft are better than Sony in every way except for exclusives.
Sony will never feel the pressure because they're not being outsold and losing this console generation like Microsoft is. As long as they're on top they're not gonna pull moves like this unfortunately. It's also part of why Microsoft has been making all the right decisions lately and Sony is just sitting pretty with all the awesome exclusives. 
Not saying it represents the entire Playstation playerbase, but yesterday I was scrolling through comments for Uncharted: The Lost Legacy, literally for at least 10 comments straight, all I saw was "LOL. Can't wait to get this on Scorpio" or "Scorpio is gonna fail with it's zero games."

I just find it ironic that now Xbox implemented a feature, and upvotes speak for themselves that people want a feature Xbox has (Not that Xbox is the only one with it, I know Steam does as well), but all PS fanboys will bag on Xbox for anything else they don't get. 

Again, I know this isn't the whole playerbase of PS; still funny though.
I really hope sony allow 2 primary consoles. Recently I and many people got ps4 pro and old ps4. And when PSN goes something wrong I can't play my digital downloaded game in another console. 

Sony's customer service problems goes much deeper than just refunds. #ForThePlayers
Aren't Sony #fortheplayers?
I chose PS4 over Xbone because of brand loyalty, design, and the exclusives, but it's pretty obvious which company actually cares about their customers.
Would I be correct in my assumption that Sony doesn't overly care about its customers? It just seems like Sony does whatever it wants and when there's backlash, they don't give a rats ass. 

I would prefer if I was wrong with this assumption. 
here here, i second this. 
One day I was using my PS4 controller to play a Steam game and accidentally purchased a game from the PS Store. It took talking to multiple people and multiple days to just to get store credit. I hadn't even downloaded the game. 
This might be the most customer oriented idea ever, in the gaming industry.

I am 31 and have been playing games all my life (tho not much in recent years), and although you can generally trust the average score of most reviews, there are simply some games that you can get an hour or two into and realize that it just isn't for you.

With the advent of online gaming and being able to dl a new game rather than physically buy one, this is something that all companies should offer. It shows a strong allegiance toward their customer base as a whole, almost getting on their side of an issue if a game just sucks. I can see this working in a negative way towards whoever makes the game, especially if there is a huge backlash on a title that has been massively per-ordered, but sucked.

Wouldn't that current let down, no mans sky, be just about the perfect example? Didn't 3 billion people preorder that (why preorder anything is beyond me) then play it and it wasn't a tenth of what it should have been?

Would that game be an example of something that would incite massive refunds? I remember the backlash on that being insane..
I thought it was anomalous with Steam and EA, but with MS jumping on board too, it seems like return policies are going to become a regular thing.
[deleted]
Hell even Steam does this
I usually buy my games after at least a month after release when good there are good reviews. Never regretted a purchase.
Uhm ... They are basically required to do this by EU customer protection laws. Just no one bothered to sue them so far I guess?
Just need a way to track playtime but sounds great. Steam has something like this. 
Or they should let you install every game with a 2 hours timer... After that you buy or you don't 
Steam had this forever. 
please sony, 45k people need refunds for no mans sky!  xD 
That would have an interesting effect on VR content...
Steam has this and it has been a godsend for dealing with developers that release software that was marketed falsely. (looking at you NMS)

Sony needs to get on it!
[deleted]
*Cries in No Man's Sky 🤣🤣🤣🤣
PSN is just a bunch of hobbled together remnants of PS3 era tech. I have a feeling that refunding a product would cause it to implode and take out half the internet.
Xbox rules!
Not like sony really gives a fuck.
Steam already does--ahh yeah 99000 people have already posted this because they are fuckwits. Seriously, when you can distill a thread down to one sentence that the near MAJORITY of people in the thread have posted in one way or another you know your audience is fucking mentally retarded.

If you have nothing to add to the conversation then kindly move the fuck on. WE ALL KNOW STEAM DOES THIS.

Jesus Reddit. 
Sony will never take care of theircustomers.
Wow, good on Microsoft for doing this. Hopefully we get this and other features.
I'm sorry off topic here... Anyone else picking up Scorpio this holiday season?
competition is a great thing! unlimited data plans "couldn't" happen and look at the cell industry now. Sonys terrible refund policy might change now. I was allowed my one and only refund on my account and it was like pulling teeth to get it.
About Fuckin time virtual markets got on board with return policies. But that 2 hour mark is still janky. I mean sure you don't want developers to get used. But at that point what's stopping me from buying a physical copy beating it and returning it within the 1 month period at best buy? 
That's a really useful feature. 
I'd prefer if they stopped releasing buggy and broken games in the store tbh. 
As a PC gamer, I totally agree with this. Having Steam and being able to do this has saved me countless dollars and have helped me find the perfect game. Good luck PS4 users. 
Why can't we just let Sony do what they want and compete naturally with differing or the same features based on their design and vision? I think this is a great thing but a new feature for one console comes out seemingly every day with everyone asking for it to be on the other, presenting it as this meaningful issue because we only thought of it today. If all of these features people asked for were copied there'd be no difference between the consoles. Just buy an XBOX, that's how you ask for it. 
im happy that this is going on, i know that Origin started doing it, followed by Steam and now Xbox, im looking forward to this trend continuing (i hope).
I imagine it has to do with Steam doing it now. 
Having the chance to refund digital games is great. The amount of times I've purchased a game on steam and needed to refund due to issues. This should be a thing for all companies imo.
Beta testing just took on a whole new meaning. 
And here I am just wondering my when I'll be able to change my psn name...
Yooka echly
Sadly I wish this was implemented when I bought Mass Effect Andromeda :/ 
I only bought it for the multiplayer because I loved ME3 multiplayer but the current state of ME:A just is not enjoyable imo. 
Oh yeah, this sorta thing really stops bad devs from taking a piss at the customers. I remember Batman Arkham Knight (last year?) when it came out on Steam and was buggy as hell. Steam refund was recently implemented at the time so alot of ppl refunded the game thus putting pressure on the publisher to the point where they had to discontinue the sales. Money talks.
While we're at it have them let us change our gamertags 
So it seems Steam pretty much set the standard.
This still wouldn't get me my money back for The Division. But I'm glad this is going beyond PC gaming and becoming a part of Consoles. I'd love to see the implementation of trade-ins for digital games like they had initially planned. Get that on PS4 as well please!
I applaud any company that puts in place consumer friendly policies.  Policies like these are a must considering how fast we are moving towards an all digital gaming future. 
 Queue 3 hour tutorials and intro scenes...
I would get $14.99 back right away for buying vita games for my ps3 while drunk. 
I love Playstation but there Customer Service has always sucked. 
I wonder if this was due to a lawsuit similar to why Steam now offers this.
Idk I I could make a judgement call on a game in two hours. I can barely make judgement calls on shows in a half season...Unless it's Firefly. Episode one that was great.
Sony will as long as you don't get any trophies or play less than like 2%? Of the game ?
I dunno I'd had great experience with customer service. Gotten 4 refunds no questions asked except "why"
I fully support this
Can I get my destiny refund back from when I purchased it.
Xbox user here... you guys really deserve this feature, especially after the NMS situation. Going all digital should be an investment, not a risk with each game. I really hope Sony comes around, put the pressure on em as users!
Under 2h speedruns GO
Sony should do this. Their strict no refund policy is a relic of the last decade.
There are so many games I've purchased digitally on a whim, tried them, hated them, and there's no way to get a refund! :(
This has been a thing on Steam for ages now, about time the consoles finally followed suit.
We steam now
Sony has a refund policy for digital games but you only qualify if you don't install or play the game. The refund policy needs an update, though you do get a 14 days in which to get a refund. So swings and roundabouts?

This is from their website:


You can cancel a digital content purchase within 14 days from the date of transaction, provided that you have not started downloading or streaming it.

Digital content that you have started downloading, streaming and in-game consumables that have been delivered, are not eligible for a refund unless the content is faulty.

You can cancel your purchase of a season pass within 14 days from the date of transaction, provided that you have not started downloading or streaming any digital content (e.g. game add-ons) included in the season pass.

If you purchase in-game consumables on the PlayStation®Store, they will be delivered when you next launch the game, until then you will have up to 14 days from the date of transaction to cancel. If you purchase in-game consumables during gameplay, they will be delivered immediately so you will not be able to cancel the purchase. In-game consumables are items such as virtual currencies (e.g. FIFA packs or GTA Cash Packs), boosts and other items that are depleted during gameplay.

Link to website: https://www.playstation.com/en-gb/get-help/help-library/store---transactions/payments---refunds/playstation-store-cancellation-policy/
I've never seen a thread with so many upvotes, wow. But yeah, it's a nice feature tho I wish our PSN profiles showed how many hours we played a game as well so it would be easier to track if you played less than 2 hours.
It's funny just yesterday I was hoping Sony would implement the same refund policy as Steam.  
Next thing you know Xbox is doing right by their customers with this move. 
Sony please step up your game for all your loyal customers including myself....
How do we put pressure on them?
As much as I'd love this option for psn, I'm willing to bet Sony won't even consider it without kicking and screaming... At the moment their Playstation division is the only part of Sony that is profitable. 
Holy shit i wish I had a feature like this for when i bought hitman lol. 
This should absolutely be the norm. 
b y e  b y e  n o  m a n ' s  s k y
I remember buying plenty of terrible games in the ps1 era and eating the loss when I realised I'd wasted my money.  
If only the world appeased to entitled consumerism back then..
This would imply the system knows how many hours you've played a game ... which brings us to the much more modest nice improvement Sony could make, short of what you're describing: a standardized way of knowing how many hours you've played a game. Ideally, per save file... Seems simple enough—can't understand why it's missing.
Wish I could've done this with the division. I paid £60 for that
Shit, I really wouldn't mind a refund on Killzone Shadow Fall and Deus EX Mankind Divided, even though I got them relatively for cheap, during last week's sale.

I know they're supposed to be good games, but they just didn't click with me.
We need to petition this and also to be able to change our PSN ID's.
everyone needs to upvote this for real.
I try to refund a PS4 game from PSN today, check out what SONY told me :
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:01:12 AM): Hello, My name is Saul how may I assist you today? 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:01:24 AM): Hi , you have access to chat log ? 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:01:39 AM): Hello! I’m Henry’s Supervisor, please allow me one or two minutes while I review the conversation you had with the our representative. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:01:59 AM): ok 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:03:07 AM): Thanks for waiting! 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:04:18 AM): So basically you purchased Persona 5 for PS3 instead of PS4 and you would liek to get a refund, right? 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:04:29 AM): like* 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:04:32 AM): yes or replace for ps4 version is ok too 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:04:51 AM): I was sure this game exist only for ps4 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:06:15 AM): too bad PSN not have game covers with PS3 or PS4 game boxes , game poster is exactly the same on PS3 and PS4 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:06:55 AM): Thank you so much for sharing your case with us today. We don’t like to see our customers upset and inconvenienced. We always strive to create a positive gaming experience, I am deeply sorry to know you got the wrong version of this game. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:06:57 AM): I see the [PS3] and [PS4] small box only after I paid for a game 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:07:46 AM): like I see I just did it , and I not even own a PS3 to use it 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:09:46 AM): playstation website have section for this "Requesting-a-Refund" and my problem even listed there "I purchased content for a system or game that I do not own" it say contact for refund. 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:10:30 AM): I just got your transaction. I'm sorry, due to the restrictions outlined in the PlayStation Terms of Service stating that all sales are final; a refund exception cannot be made for this transaction at all. In this case we will not able to proceed with your request and there is no way we remove this content from your account. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:10:51 AM): team of service = PAYMENTS FOR ACCESS TO CONTENT OR SERVICES ARE NOT REFUNDABLE, UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:10:59 AM): OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:11:19 AM): law say if I can't use a service i paid for i can get a refund 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:11:45 AM): Exactly, we have a non refund policy and at this time there is no way we make an exception. 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:11:49 AM): I put myself in your shoes and cannot imagine how frustrating this can be but we as a Company are tied to some policies and there is no way we override them. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:12:48 AM): law can override , and again I can't use this product because I not have ps3 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:13:42 AM): this why terms of service have this "UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW" addon 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:15:27 AM): it is not like I get the game and not like it or something, i can't even use it , here law can help me , I got product i can't use 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:16:59 AM): Exactly you are totally free to request a refund with the respective offices and they will let you know if there is a way to proceed. Now we will not able to meet your request with a refund due to the policies outlined by PlayStation. We really apologize for all inconveniences this caused.
Besides this, Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:17:40 AM): btw , check this out = PlayStation Store cancellation policy = You can cancel a digital content purchase within 14 days from the date of transaction, provided that you have not started downloading or streaming it. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:18:19 AM): Help Library PlayStation Store & Transactions Payments & Refunds	Updated 14/03/17 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:18:58 AM): Yes, you ask for it and then we will evaluate the scenario. We just made a deeper research and making an exception for this exact content is not possible. 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:20:38 AM): order was today , not 14 days ago , so what is a problem ? 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:23:04 AM): We are very sorry for the issues this caused you but a refund cannot be submitted and we will not able to make an exception. 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:23:25 AM): At the time there are no further options we can recommend nor can we change the outcome after the reasons we have addressed above, may I know if you have further inquiries for us today? 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:23:34 AM): then why this option even exit on the psn website ? 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:23:39 AM): exist* 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:25:22 AM): btw going to post this chat on reddit.com right away , I am googling now , looks like there is no problem to get a refund for not downloaded game , I am not 1st one who requesting this 
Me (4/15/2017, 2:25:51 AM): I am not going to  give up on this one 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:28:06 AM): Sure, you can go ahead and keep this interaction. 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:28:39 AM): Remember that all we want is to enhance your gaming experience but we are tied to some policies and we will not make an exception at this time. 
Saul (4/15/2017, 2:29:15 AM): We do apologize for the inconvenient but since there is no further request than this we will need to end the chat. We hope you  continue enjoying the PSN. 
Have a Great Day. Thanks for chatting with us 

And he just disconnect me !

btw exactly same happen to me year ago on xbox one , I ordered GTAV and ordered XBOX360 version by mistake , I got my money back after a week from Microsoft!!! I started chat support , then got some Supervisor email from chat support and he did the refund.
Lol
Tembo, Stardew Valley, and so many others. I want this more than any other feature currently on any firmware wishlist.
Can you guys also pressure them for cross platform play?
Ask for cross play too
Or how about giving us backwards compatibility like they had on previous PlayStation models, so we can play the goddamn games we already have?
This very same topic was created on the official PlayStation but a couple of fanboys don't want this service implemented. Glad that PS4 reddit is more intelligent. I will link up the topic that was created on the PlayStation forum.

http://community.us.playstation.com/t5/PlayStation-General/I-would-love-Sony-to-start-doing-this-as-well-Self-Service/td-p/46221794
Steam does it too. But watch the PlayStation ponies in here day why it's a bad idea 
We desperately need something like this
Steam has been doing this for forever
Wish I could have been refunded for Ass Effect Andromeda. 
 Xbox getting backwards compatible games, and now this? Damn
So ... they basically adopt the Steam refund policy then? Awesome. 
Steam has done this, now Xbox is following it. I think all platforms that have online game stores should do this.
OR don't preorder games, wait until reviews/reactions come out, then pick up the game.

I have a feeling there would be a lot less need for refunds if everyone did this.
We can't even change our PSN ID like you can on Xbox Live! Somehow I don't see Sony being capable of doing this.
Also, you could try and get proper ps4 fallout 4 mods. That would be nice.
Your asking a japanese developer to do what an american dev does? Yeah that's not gonna work.
Sony won't be doing anything like this until they're losing again
My how the narrative here has changed.....
Sony doesn't give single f*cks about this anyway.

I mean, we're asking for name changes for over a decade, because Xbox Live has them aswell... Still no sign that PSN will get them too.

And we still have seperate PSN-Stores... on Xbox, you can just change your country from Germany to United States for example and you'll see all the US content. On Playstation, its just not possible. You'll have to create a new account with another country.
Sony's refund policy is absolute garbage, basically non-existent. 

Sony is my favourite Publisher/hardware manufacturer, but man do they need to step up their refund policy. 
Under this rule you could complete My Name Is Mayo, Coffin Dodgers, The Little Acre and more while getting the Platinum and then refund the game.
I bought the Vita because I wanted a handheld and bought the Xbox One because it was cheaper. One of them has been my worst buying decisions ever and it isn't the Xbox.
Xbox always one step ahead of sony. Still dont get why the ps4 gets so much hype for shitty all around service 
RIP 90% of PSVR Titles if this became a thing
Sony once again lags behind.
Sony Says "Single Player Is Thriving," Users Are Spending More Time Playing Offline Than Online

Got ghost of tsushima in the sale and currently slowly playing through that. I feel like I've completely grown out of multiplayer games now. Love just being able to progress through at my own pace with no stress.
Single player games are the only games I play now. Having to keep up with online games and all the copious bullshit updates and metas or else you get left behind is exhausting as fuck.
[deleted]
I like single player because if I want to be called the n-word I would just go visit my uncle.
I hate pvp but love co op pve. I hope co op never goes away
Online just got too...noisy. Everythings just a microtransaction, lootbox, update every 2 mins pain in the arse.

I remember thinking (in the early days of online gaming, quake, counterstrike etc) that real online communities and meaningful interactions and experiences online were just a generation or 2 away and that many would happily live most of their lives online. It really hasnt happened at all for the majority. Certainly not in the snowcrash, ready player one style fantasy i had in mind...
Online: Microtransactions, asshole players, servers that don't work, content that comes and goes, more asshole players who exploit everything


Offline: Pay once play forever, good well-acted story, gorgeous graphics and music, no morons, can pause anytime.


*Hmmm...*


**EDIT: These are obviously generalizations. There are boring, short, overpriced single player games and fantastic often-refreshed, fun multiplayer games. Feel free to enjoy whichever games you want and don't let anyone tell you otherwise if you're having fun.**
That’s because most multiplayer games are ass now. These companies only focus on how to squeeze $ out of you post sale and the overall product suffers.
online is just aggravating.  im too old for that shit nowadays.  when i game i want a relaxing experience.. i dont want to be angry the whole time.
Playing Fallout 4....Okami hd, Red Dead Redemption 1 & 2, Grand Theft Auto (pick one...all good)...
Bully, The Warrior's, Bioshock, Grim Fandango, Hitman 2, Frostpunk, Skyrim, and Witcher 3. 

Waiting for Cyberpunk.

Single player is the OG.
Single player games forever and ever.
As a Dad, working full time, I have super limited time to game.  I'll occasionally play "showing online", join a party with some psn friends and play a game together...but I really enjoy "showing offline" and playing single player games more.  

With life as stressful as it is for all of us these days, nothing beats putting on a good headset, and completely losing yourself in a great single player game.  

I'm working towards my third plat currently, almost there with Ghost of Tsushima.  My other plats are Horizon and Spiderman.  All are absolutely perfect world's to absorb yourself in, and just not worry about a thing
I can relax with a single player game. I just turn on the system and start playing without worrying about other people interfering, it's fun. Going online without friends can be an exercise in frustration and that's not fun. Even with friends it can be a pain due to connection issues, skill level and finding a time to play.
Sony is the King of single players. GOW, Horizon, Ghost of Tsushima, all are great games that you can play at your own pace.
I'd be curious if demographics may have something to do with it. I think of myself, whose first console was an Intellivision in 1982. I'm almost 50 now and I still love to game, but I have zero interest in interacting with idiotic teenage edgelords online and I don't have 3-4 hours to put into a session, nor would I really want to anymore.

Nowadays I'm enjoying stuff like Miles Morales, where the game itself is comparatively small and I can jump in and play with a reasonable expectation that after half an hour I can save and shut down having made some progress.

Even just the scope of a lot of single-player games is becoming unappealing. I wouldn't be surprised if as Millennial gamers get into their 40s we see a wave of shorter and snappier AAA games when even the online components are focused on the SP experience. And bonus points if the activities come with playing-time averages, so time-crunched players can better know how much time any given event might require.
The one thing I hate is when I want to play story mode it says I have to be connected online first.
I play only singles player  because i want to be op what i mean is that in online everything needs to be balanced for example i just play ghost of tsushima single player because i want to feel like a legendary samurai warrior its just fun to be overpowered i guess :D
Personally I cant agree as I play a lot of Destiny and Tarkov but if you put a game in front of me like Miles Morales then im gonna play the shit out of it.

Actually, Miles Morales made me feel all nostalgic for a time when everything was unlocked by playing and not microtransaction. Collecting all the Suits was a real pleasure.
I don’t play video games to deal with other people.
Because online is filled with f#cking micr-transactions
Nothing is better than coming home, turning on your gaming device, and diving into a world, exploring it at your own pace, absorbing every detail.

Can't wait for Cyberpunk
I love reading and always considered video games like a book I can play. I love watching a world and story unfold, and getting to be a part of it. That is why I love single player games


One thing I haven't seen mentioned is that playing online requires you to constantly play or you immediately fall behind in the meta and then playing just feels bad. As an adult I don't have time to do that nor do I want to waste my time getting owned by an annoying 8 year old cunt. Thats why most of these online games are marketed to children and teens, because I know when I do sit down to play I don't feel like just wasting time. I want to enjoy it and get to do something new. The last online game I enjoyed was Titanfall 2 because it was unique and always felt fresh going to. Even if getting crushed by the opponent it was still fun. Games blur together and it just feels like a waste of time. The only reason I keep PS plus is for the free games to play with my friend in another state and I don't see as often.


I would enjoy more local co-ops though so I could play with my daughters or friends who come over. I wish that would come back, especially now that we all have massive tvs that we can see each screen perfectly, rather than playing split screen on your 13 inch screen with 0 resolution.
Play online, worry about lag, and doing good. Have a stressful time and listen to idiots.

Play offline, be a badass legendary figure who is the "chosen one/legendary one/etc". Have a fun time, no stress. Enjoy a well crafted experience in a beautiful world and enjoy a good story. 

What a difficult decision
Yeah cause most online games are half-assed. Only single player games feel like they have content and are finished
[deleted]
Online games have become *exhausting*. Between the micro transactions and everyones *cheery* personality.
#BRING BACK COUCH CO-OP
Im glad offline play is doing well, it really would do my head in if all there was is online play.
Ever since I tried PS4 Spider Man, I've almost fell in love with single player titles, I used to say they were for loners.

Infact, it was my first platinum trophy. Then I started Horizon Zero Dawn and 100% completed that along with all the DLC.
Online is toxic
I am near 40 and have two kids. Gaming for me has become a few weekday nights for a few hours after the kids are in bed. Stating that for framing purposes of what I'm about to say. 

As multi-player games become online only or online focused with micro transactions and monitization being the central drive for developers and publishers to make these games, single player experiences are going to be more sought after.

The idea of paying a premium price just for access to a marketplace with game attached to it is just the first problem. Even making the games FTP won't be an easy win, as we've seen developers alter the games need for grinding to levels that incentivize or necessitate paying for in game resources to lessen or nullify said grind.

Even before kids, within the past decade I would say that I find more pleasure in talking to other gamers about single player games. At gatherings or even online, talking about how someone else handled a tricky section of TLOU and sharing my method on how to beat all the Tsushima showdowns. Way more fun having those chats than any 5v1 or POG victory.

There is a place for these pay to win, seasons segmented, virtual vending machines disguised as games. The platform is just unable to tell good stories.
[deleted]
As someone who usually takes about 2 years to pick up a game after its released, I absolutely love single player games.
I always preferred and played single player anyway. When I first got my PS4, I’d seen too much BS dealing with other players. I also do not use any ‘chat’ features nor want to see anyone chatting. I just want to play my games in peace.
This is not surprising given the number of high quality single player games available and how every multiplayer game has become ultra competitive. Every round feels like a World Cup final leading to toxicity and everyone using the same tactics that abuse the game mechanics. Now that the competitive mindset is instilled in so many gamers I don't see how it ever goes away even if the companies try to steer away from it.

That and multiplayer games looking like glorified mobile games with their lootboxes and dances and fireworks and the constant feeling that you have to keep up with everything.
Funny. It seems people actually enjoy spending time playing games that don't spend every second of game play trying to pry their wallets out of their pockets. Games are much more fun when you aren't being sold to the whole time.
No shit! who the hell wants to deal with a bunch of pieces of shits online yelling at you and  be stress the fuck out for making a wrong move that could potentially cost the whole game for your team.

Fuck that!
Cue that idiot exec that said “Single-player games are dead” just so they could focus on Multiplayer only games and shove micro-transactions into everything...
Good to know I’m not alone
Amen to that.
Aside from soulsborne stuff I haven't played online since cod ghosts.
I just want to have to option to co-op some single player games through a story.
I wonder how much that has to do with locking online play behind PS+ for an entire generation.
I would love to play more games with people in the same room as me.
Couldn't be because we're tired of keeping up with meta and hearing twelve-year-olds scream and swear at us for doing mundane things while their parents happily fuck off.
So tell Bethesda we are ready for ELderscrolls 6!!!
Yup I've pretty much abandoned multiplayer games
EA says "fake news"
because multiplayer is forcing competitive skill based matchmaking systems down our throats (looking at you COD) and online gaming can be so toxic
What a shocker, people seeking escapism prefer not to have to deal with random internet people.
I’d way rather play a solid single player like cyberpunk or like dragon age, but I feel like they aren’t being 100% honest about the amount of people playing online vs offline. 99% of everyone I know who games is more into games like COD and destiny. Maybe that’s just my area.
Well, yeah! Multiplayer these days is for the most part toxic, JOURNEY and SKY being the current exceptions.

EDIT to add DESTINY to the list, as the PvP is well segregated out from the rest of the otherwise peaceful game world.
Not surprised. Most gamers are working age adults, and it's so hard to keep up with online games. Especially because a lot of them have limited time events/items. I don't have time to grind 20 hours on destiny for a few items when I can play through the entirety of Miles Morales in the same time. I want quantity and quality, which is what a lot of Sony's exclusives offer.
And then there's Shroud wanting Cyberpunk to die within a month… Stupid.
Co-op offline is well liked as well.
Here here!  Multiplayer gives me the worst anxiety.  If I play video games, it’s to retreat and get AWAY from people and spend some casual time relaxing, not intensely competing against assholes and being constantly reminded how terrible I am compared to people who play for hours every day.
It would thrive even more if i could get a PS5....shakes fist
#toomanytoxicplayers
-Users are spending more time playing offline than online

Always have been
The online gaming genre is too saturated now. New Call of Duty every year, PubG, Fortnite, Rocket League, The Fall Guys, and many many others I’m missing. Its hard to pick something and stick to it to become competitive.
This has always been so fucking obvious. The big dirty studios (ea, activision, blizzard) just pushed the rhetoric of single player games being dead because they wanted to push their predatory live service models and rape as much money as possible out of players. People want good games to play! Not fucking garbage mobile phone game models. Common sense prevails
For god sake please let this be the case. I'm dead fucking tired of every bloody game that looks cool just to actuelly be some nonsense multiplayer bs. I don't want it and I want everyone else to also not want it.
I got FFXIV online last summer. I’ve been pretty much avoiding everyone and, with the exception of necessary boss battles and dungeons,  it’s been a beautifully extensive single player journey for me.
Online always stresses me out. Made sense as a teen when I didn't have to work full time, but now I just want to chillllll.
I got no friends
Fuck yeah cunt
I loathe online gaming.  I’ll always be a single/offline multiplayer guy.
A 15 minute mission in Division 1 and 2 will take me 30 minutes or even and hour because I enjoy the work of level designers and like to explore the mission area.  Look at everything there is to look at.  No online player will tolerate that so I've played both games as a single player.
Someone show this to Rockstar so they can stop milking GTA Online and Red Dead Online
It helps that most single player experiences are finite.

Like, you can beat a single player game and move on to a new one.

Online games tend to want you to spend all your time on them and there's only so much time you can put into games, so a lot of people will have their "one" online game and not bother playing any others.
That's because almost all the multiplayer game servers are shit and all you guys focus on are microtransactions for online play.
Single player games that do not solely thrive off of multiplayer interaction, but also allow you to summon a buddy to hack up some some baddies together are some of the best times.

Look'n at you, Bloodborne.
This is why picking up COD can be easy for most online gamers , levels don’t matter much at all there , if you suck you just suck in that game but can get better with practice, unless you really just suck
*laughs in introvert*
That's because games that rely on multiplayer typically skimp on content and story and are therefore garbage. Also, I don't really want to interact with people
News flash:  if a game is good, people will spend time playing it.
Multiplayer just feels so much more repetitive and the time you put into the game feels wasted.
Because that’s where the stories are. Online is just rinse and repeat, over and over again - and for hours upon hours. I stopped years ago. Admit it, playing a single player game is way more unique and immersive than multiplayer.
Curious; if you are all more single player types now, have you also stopped subscribing to ps+ then?
The whole reason I play video games is to escape from people and unwind
Thats because every mulitplayer game is either a shit battle royal or plauged with microtransactions
That's great news actually.Multiplayer games have become a tedious experience full of microtransactions and toxic communities
You don't have to take a study to recognize devs are still highly pushing single player games because they do incredibly well, especially for console sales.  I love multiplayer games, *and* single player games.  God of War was fantastic but I also want to socialize and play w my friends and have some competition.
Don't have to deal with cringe players and cringe lootboxes offline
Is there a time when it wasn’t? I will be so extremely happy to have single player games make a strong come back. I always hated that damn near all of them went online/multiplayer
I only play single player games because it’s me time. Time to be alone and left alone.

Also, I suck at games and have no interest in getting better or paying to be better. I’m there for relaxing fun.
Yes please bring back racing games with good graphics where you can play 2 player mode instead of forced yo play online.
MY TIME HAS COME! I’ve always been partial to single player RPGs and Sony’s investment in the genre has turned me from a “whatever works” person to a Sony loyalist over the last few years
Nobody telling me I'm trash when I just want to enjoy a game.
i prefer offline games tbh
Well... on Playstation yeah. You make a walled garden community centered on releasing almost exclusively 20-ish hour long, single player rollercoaster games and you're going to attract the type of gamer that likes playing 20-ish hour long rollercoaster games.

From my personal experience with people I know, playstation is much more popular with mid to older adults who have much less gaming time per week than the average gamer. In that case, the game only being about 20-ish hours long, maybe 30 for 100% completion, isn't an issue because that's still several weeks of playtime for them. The fact that the games are $60 each, every time, isn't an issue because they're all working. Online games are much less popular because someone who is spending most of their time working likely doesn't want to enter competitive mayhem as soon as they get home - they spent all day in corporate competitive mayhem already.
That's because content creators got greedy and tried to turn every online game into an ATM for themselves, and it ruined the fun experience that it once was.  

This does NOT apply to r/Mordhau at all. I've put 540 hours into that online community and will continue to play for many hours more.
Yay. Bring back great stories!! More Spider man, God of War, Skyrim, etc!
Yeah because your online games have no diversity it's all copy and pasting bullshit makes me wanna fucking cut my nuts off
multiplay games have always been terrible to me.  Most are just shoot em ups and that shit good boring in the PS3 era.

I am so glad companies are going back to the roots of gaming.
I really want to play that new remake. The Demon Souls game. I've never played a game like that before and it looks so good, but I don't know if I could handle it.
Multiplayer and online games turned into an endless microtransaction hellscape.
Hate the limited timed events in multiplayer
Whys it gotta be one or the other Sony?
I like playing both as well.
I'm pretty sick of most multiplayer games because of ELO systems. When I play a competitive online game now every single time I play I have to be awake, alert, engaged, and focused otherwise I just get shit on and my MMR drops. And even when I win, it's not that fun because it's usually a grind the whole way, and it's even worse to grind and then lose anyway. A lot of times it just starts to feel like work.

I enjoy raiding WoW still because it's cooperative PVE and the fights don't get harder the better I get. Like I can push harder content, but that's actual progress and not just the same thing over and over again as my win rate is algorithmically pushed as close to 50% as possible over time.
Nobody wants to socialize no more.
I would love some more co-op RTS gamess
Maybe now it’s a good time to bring up how draining most multiplayer games are nowadays due to having to “sweat” to keep up and fun because we all know it’s no fun trying to play multiplayer casually.

I see a lot of people in the comments issuing the same sentiment: they’ve found themselves playing more single player because they can essentially play casually and not feel obligated to grind.
You don’t say...I’ve been done with MP for years.
I’ve wanted to get into online games more, the latest gta and red dead, avengers...but always dipped my toes in and stopped. Ghosts of Tsushima is the first in a long time where I’ve loved the offline game and then really gotten into the online version. I guess it comes down to making a great solo adventure and then building the online game after.
Surely this isn't because online multiplayer games are very often designed to exploit the advantages of social interaction in order to keep players hooked and spending more money on useless skins and pointless digital content amidst hours and hours of pointless grinding.
As it should
Finally, all I want is more story games.
As someone who doesn't have internet available where they live, and feeling like gaming is leaving me behind, this is so great to see.
The only game I play online now is Rocket League, CoD was ruined for me with their constant giant updates and playlist changes
Yeah ive been done with multiplayer for quite a while now.
the thing with online games is that you can realistically only keep up with one, i picked wow and i dont really touch other online games
Someone tell that to Rockstar. Still waiting on my GTAV story mode DLC.
Because nobody wants to deal with toxic 12yo yelling racist slurs at you.
Other than 2 online games, i only play singleplayer games. I am so sick of ''Game as a Service'' where you have to wait months or even a year before content is slowly drip fed to you, requiring you to login every single day to do timed objectives that has a unique reward and if you don't do it well too bad, you will never be able to get it again. Plus, multiplayer games for the past few years but especially now keeps showing you popups or ads about ''hey look about this new thing we are selling in the shop! It's only 5$ so get it before it's gone!''


Multiplayer games are made with the main focus not being the game anymore but trying to milk as much money out of people's pockets as possible.
I was so bummed as a casual gamer playing battlefront. Loved the campaign and dogfights and then got absolutely destroyed in the battles at first. I invested some time and started doing a bit better, but I miss the original battlefront 2 where you played capture the flag against somewhat challenging AI storm troopers.
It always was and it always will be. Don't let the types if EA convince you otherwise
I only play single player games cuz I have no friends lol
That's because you have to pay for their shitty online
Due to covid, thanks to all the annoying little children that have been online way more and have created the most toxicity I've seen since I started gaming online years ago, glad it pushed me back to single player.
Ironic this is coming up after they made you pay for internet on consoles. Wondering if there’s a correlation 🤷‍♂️
This is because single player is fun and the online games have become dime a dozen garbage.
Not surprising, there has very clearly been a shift over the past 10-15 years when it comes to online console gaming.  In the early days of Halo and other online fps games, there was a niche community of dedicated online gamers.  Now, the online community has matured and turned into a world of toxic players and you have to be committed if you wish to dive into a lot of online games.  There really isn't room anymore for casual gamers in the online community.

I'm 100% cool with a return of more offline campaign based games that I can actually enjoy playing.
People online are assholes.

Yes I’m a shitty player. I just want to relax after a long day of work.
Lots of people mentioning how they grew out of multiplayer, but I feel like I grew out of single player and don’t wanna dedicate time to a story and just have short bursts of different online games.
While I highly doubt the accumulative time spent playing by myself adds up to the same amount of time groups of people spend playing online, I do agree that there is still a market for both types of game.  

Single player games have better stories.  Red Dead, Mass Effect, Uncharted, Batman, Spiderman and other all have superb stories.  There is no multiplayer game that has achieved the same gravity as those.  Both have markets.

Note: 1 player playing 8 hours vs 16 players playing mutliplayer for 8 hours.  Add that up.

8 < 128.  Its not a comparison.  But single players should never be neglected. They are where stories are told and players get truly invested in characters and universes.
Aren’t most of the games on the Play Station focuses on single player mode?
The older I get the less I want other people to affect my gaming experiences.
Developers hate this, because it's harder to micro transaction monetize single player content. It's why they have been trying to persuade the gaming public for years that single player is dead.
I'm only 20 and me and my buddies don't play multiplayer games anymore, it's all microtransactions now and exploiters online games aren't fun anymore, the last truely fun multiplayer game for me was COD Black ops 2 I will always look back to those days with fond memories.
I just started AC Valhalla and I forgot how much I like doing things at my own pace. No constant weapon balancing or updates that break the game. Just going around having mindless viking fun and enjoying a good story.
Single player isn't pay to win
Online is gay
Online games, as a whole, blow ass.
Finally we're getting recognition. That bullshit EA said about "Multiplayer is the way and no one plays single player anymore" is a complete farce. Tbh games during the 360 and ps3 era were the best games ever. They had more creativity, adventure, and memories made. Now everything just feels like "oh look better graphics".
Fuck a multiplayer shooter game that shit is so boring an repetitive
Probably because it costs more to play online. I know it takes money to keep servers running but then we get charged full for a digital download so I am guessing that offsets the cost somehow. But hey, gotta line exec's pockets somehow.
eSports ruined multiplayer gaming.
Multiplayer is ass
I'm sure it's been asked but there's 2300 comments...

How much of the online decline is attributable to the online space being toxic as fuck and nobody wanting to put up with it?  Half of online players act like they're some hyper excited online twitch streamer or they're simply there to hurl obscenities and bigoted epithets every chance they get.

As much as I like to play against other players in online modes for Call of Duty, the first thing I do is mute everyone.
it never was hurting.  they were just trying to get us to buy more of certain type of game.  now they are swooping in, as if the hero, and saying they'll make more single player games.  fuck them.
Once upon a time there was a crossroads between ‘Internet is Novel Ave.’ and ‘NPC AI is Shit Pl.’ And at that crossroads, decent online experiences could be had, because there was something online to make online worth it.

Online play these days is characterized by normalized, ephemeral interactions with other users as ‘content’. A ton of people don’t use voice chat or interact with other players in a meaningful long-term way. So there’s less differentiation between online play and just, halfway decent AI.

And if they do want to interact with people online, there are dozens of ways to do it outside of games.

The end.
Most of the online stuff kinda sucks now for most highly anticipated games, I bought DOOM Eternal and the online was trash, Last of us online was not that great either. I would rather play GTAV than GTAV online
Don't blame them... People are too damn toxic.
Growing up before the internet, I always had a distaste for online gaming.
Gave it a try wasn't for me.
I like single player or story mode.
I take a game like the first watchdog where if you want to go  100% you need to play online.
But to each their own.
Online is better bcoz we can play with friends!
Multiplayer games became sweatfest and each online game has some kind of micro transaction that destroy the game balance. On top of that new offline games are freakishly good.
Multiplayer has greatly become toxic and for sale. The classic experience trumps the baited who’s better by time dedicated and price!
"Water is wet." - Also Sony, Probably.
[Image] My Kara cosplay - Detroit: Become Human

It's the same picture
If it wasnt for the wrinkles on the outfit I would believe that was an in game screenshot.
Great job!
Very impressive, with the functional led lights and the attention to the different textures of the outfit.

Looks very accurate. Any reason why you decided to change the writing under "KARA"?

Good job :)
10/10 impressed
OMG I just realized her outfit is made of different material for the front because she is a homemaking android and it serves like an apron.
[deleted]
What cospHOLY SHIT
[deleted]
Are you sure you didn’t escape from the game?
Lmao the left one is the ps5 version! Nice try op.
Looks good.

Is it a good game? I did not play it.
RTX ON

RTX OFF
You look higher Res then Kara
Whoa!
The original 2012 PS3 demo is *still* impactful: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-pF56-ZYkY

Well done cosplay.
Save the fish!
Wow game graphics have become so good
That’s really good. You look just like her.
This is amazing! How did you get the armband to glow?
Honestly one of the best cosplay photos I’ve ever seen.
[software instability]
Holy hell that's amazing. One of my favorite games and you NAILED that costume.
It took me a second to see which was which. 
Not sure if that’s because of the great cosplay or the great graphics
Probably both
You don’t even look real. Insane
You look emotionless yet have a very expressive face going on...good job?lol outfit is really well done, amazing!
Took me a sec to realize which was in the game
 [r/DetroitBecomeHuman](https://www.reddit.com/r/DetroitBecomeHuman/) will love this.
Detroit: Is Human
Nice, now empty my trash and start dinner.

Edit: If anybody downvotes this obvious reference to the game they are fudging stupid.
That's awesome 😄
You androids took my job!
PS5 vs PS4
Damn!
Flawless!
She looks more like the game then the game does.
That's pretty good. For the first time about a cosplay picture I had to do a double-take.
Just for a second, I thought they made a real human like robot maid.. I can't wait
r/PS4 on r/all ??

*What a day*
[deleted]
This is flawless cosplay it’s as amazing as the game
You look so futuristic.
I dont know if this picture is a better testament to your cosplay skills or how realistic our graphical tech has become.
It really looks stunning... amazing cosplay. Even your face Looks like hers. Chapeau!
Which ones the cosplay?
You are so sexy!
Keee-rist! You nailed it. Destroyed it, even. Wow!
With that mod comment being the first thing you see I was expecting Most Controversial to be a dumpster fire.  Instead I see the mod not even explaining wtf they are talking about and someone complimenting the woman as being the most controversial.

Sure thing subreddit.  Sure thing
Capolavoro !
[deleted]
Nice. Congrats.
I am curious, is there a way to monetize cosplay like this?    I would imagine super accurate outfits like this cost several hundred to design and make.    Some hobbys are expensive to do but usually the more expensive hobbys have ways to earn some side cash from doing it.   Perhaps not for real profit as a career of course but perhaps some way to get some of the money back you put into it so you can more easily afford future projects.

For example an authentic Disney princess costume costs thousands, but one could easily find work using it at kids birthday parties and make a nice chunk of change
Holy shit. This is really friken good. Do you have any other cosplays? If this is a first try.. wow. You nailed it out of the park.
Spot on
Should I apple vs android ?
[deleted]
Love the sleeves.
CALL JERICHO WE NEED A REVOLUTION
Omg that's so cool! :D
Beautiful
On my second playthru now, and got Kara killed right from the beginning.... Mistakes were made .
Where's the picture of the cosplay?
Damn. Insane job!
"Become a global elite with this one...
That cosplay is a work of art.
Good game?
Wow everything about this is amazing
Which one is you?
When you were playing this game were you like, "Woah, I look like that lady. I should cosplay as her! "

Anyway, good job.
I thought this was some kind of E3 vs Release comparison.
You've killed it :)
One of the best games I have ever played.
I was watching someone play that today

Holy shit nice cosplau
RTX on vs off
Wow. Looks spot on.
This is honestly really impressive.
Honestly the cosplay has improved on what the game has.
Nice cosplay! Also I feel bad for all the horrors at the bottom comments.
Am I the only one so outlandishly dumb that i had to look back and forth a few times to determine which one was the game and which was OP? I think it's time for fresh contacts.
Which one???
This is so cool
Simply but wow
You are spot on! Never seen such an exact replica! Good job.
Nailed it
Awesome cosplay. I think hey story was probably most intense for me.
Better than the original!!
What kind of filter do you have going there? It looks half-painted half-real. Sweet effect my fellow android.
Identical
It looks great 😍
woooow, that's really amazing.
are those literally not humans??
it’s great! you got literally every detail
Is this a fucking real life copy or something? Holy fuck this looks good!
Dude, that looks spot on way to go!
Which ones the video game?
I actually thought you were the video game Kara
Neat!
Holy shit, it took me a second to figure out which one was the cosplay and which was the game. Looks outstanding
Lol good job using two pictures from the game. *looks closer* WOA-
That's amazing
Good work :D
Which one is the cosplay?
Almost viable for r/totallynotrobots
So I've been looking at this for some time now, and I'm still only like 80% sure the left one is the real one
You did a good job
That is scary good
Don’t tell me you spent $7999 D:
This is such a good cosplay! The dress and everything looks authentic. I wasn’t absolutely sure your pic wasn’t a new render. Great job!
Woah. I had to do a double take to figure out which was the photo of your cosplay! Awesome job OP!
The game is on the left, the cosplay is on the right
This is incredibly 👍 well done!!
Kara best android
Yes
That’s awesome
You're not gonna kid anyone by posting 2 of the same photo
Wow!!! Awesome job
So, Kara became human.
Legit af
Dats prettu good
This plastic effect occurs when you take a photo and up the shadows while decreasing the highlights.   Then up the whites and lower the blacks.  You can tell this because the light around the outside of her figure (left)  is a bit distorted. 

If only there was facial retouching,  this would have been insanity
Kara: Becomes Human
Dont know the game. Had to zoom to tellwhich was which.
For a second I thought the one on the right was the person...oops...
Holy shit that looks amazing! How did your do the little light on the side of the head?
Looks fucking *spot on*. Great work!
I'm cosplaying as her at Emerald City Comic Con next year!
game trailer vs in game graphic.
WOW! That is AMAZING! Awesome cosplay!!! <3
That's impressive! How did you make the glowing arm band? That would definitely be useful for a character I'm thinking about cosplaying.
I’ve never played the game but from what I see in the picture cosplay looks on point!
You know what would be better? Nothing. It looks awesome.
This is the only video game character that has ever made me cry. I've wanted to replay and make a better life for her but I can't deal with the thought of failing her again. Oh and the cosplay is dead on.
That's brilliant!
I can’t tell the difference. You made an incredible cosplay
few facial differences of course and more detail in the clothing nice!
Holy shit that looks great!
Very nice
Which one is the android?
Holy fuck
I just beat this game, one of my favorites of all time. This is an amazing cosplay, good work!
Brilliantly done!
She and Connor are my favorite characters.  :)
Damn that's impressive! Kara was my favorite!
Incredible cosplay !
That looks good. Almost a carbon copy.
Wow this is so good!!
PS5 graphics confirmed 🤣🤣
Well done!  How did you do the glowing/lit up parts?
When you can’t tell which one is real then you know you’ve done an incredible job!!
What did you do for the blue lighting, especially the armband?
You got the faceless expression spot on
That looks great! Is the headpiece an LED?
Holy crap! Your cosplay in near perfect
For a second i thougth they were the same picture  good job
Is Kara’s face based on Jennifer Lawrence’s? Cause it looks exactly like her
I had to take a double take to see which one was the og and which one was the cosplay
It took me a second to realize which was you and the game, which is a testament to both your cosplaying  ability and dedication as well as the visuals of D:BH.

Very well done.
The amount of thirsty gamers ITT is too damn high!

Jesus, you would think it was no-nut November.
[Anyone else think she looks more like North?](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcTaX04Z1fdc48ejc2FzH4qKVRBj22mdoGXqGLCwL24IvPCzCxrU)
While I 100% support everyone cosplaying as whoever the f they want to regardless of gender, race, species, height, weight, whatever... it’s always cool to see one where the person just looks dead on like the character came to life. I have no clue who this character is but next to the source photo that looks freakin awesome!
#IM COLD
Nice. Good job. I wish I could cosplay. But I am mixed and all of my favorite characters are of a much lighter complexion.
Fun fact. I am in the 3% of people who on their first play through let her die in the first proper mission purely cause I did as I was told and didnt move to help the lil girl. I didnt realise he was gonna fucking kill both of us
Amazing !! Good job !
This is amazing 😮👌🏻
How much is the unit on the left?
you are more beautiful, so I can tell the difference.
That’s incredible, well done.
I thought someone had made an even more realistic Kara
Impressive. Your parents must be very proud.
Costume
Which one is you
Jaw dropping! I can't imagine all the work put into the garment! What did you use for the arm band and Cyberlife logo?
Which one is the cosplay?
Loved that game and Kara as well, awesome job!!
[r/PS4](https://www.reddit.com/r/xbox?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) is very cool indeed
Awesome! Fantastic work!
They both look so similar, well done!
Finally some good fucking content! 100% love this! Good job.
noooo how
Holy shit! That's a awesome cosplay! Are you secretly the true Kara in DBH?
You could pass as a character in the game. Not this one specifically, but you look the exact part for someone with the same costume with a different name.

11/10 Cosplay
freakin' androids
Ps4 Pro vs Ps4 Standard comparison.
10/10
Honest to god though you were on the right at first OP. Well done!
Very good job, also the facial features are pretty similar.
I haven’t played the game yet, but this looks spot on. Are you using el tape?
I’ve wanted to try to cosplay as Conner before bc 1 I kind of look like him if I did my hair and a bit of makeup, 2 Bryan dechart is my favorite streamer, and 3 my name is actually Conner irl but I never have bc I don’t have a reason to, its a bit expensive to cosplay, and if I did I would want to try to learn how to do that coin flipping thing he does and that’s too hard
9/10,  dress isn't shiny enough.

/s

In all honesty amazing job
Is it EL wire across the front and EL tape across the right arm?
Spot on! Glow effects are impressive
Legitimately couldn't tell at first which was the cosplay
How is this still unlocked lmao
Dude it took me a second to figure out which was which. I mean it also helps that you already look exactly like her but holy shit. Great job!
So good!!!
On point to a fucking T 
Wait a minute the longer I look the more it didn’t look right wtf is this what’s happening?
That looks like you’ve been plucked straight out of the game
RTX On/RTX Off
How did you get such videogame like lighting?
Were you by chance at DragonCon? I saw another very well done Kara there.
The outfit is too good, it has to be photoshopped. The luminescence of the blue is too unreal.
Kara was based off of you
Ace. Did you use a dead thin polo for the ring on the temple? That's commitment.
Wow.  Amazing work.
I thought the one on the right was cosplay
What are you doing out side the citadel?
Are you the right or the left
They want you to find the difference between these two pictures

They’re the same android
Never played the game but that’s good
Not sure which one is the in game picture
Outfit on the left isn’t shiny enough. That’s how you can tell it’s real. 

On a serious note though, very well done, you look great.
They both look identical, thought it was a before and after graphic adjustment. Best cosplay accuracy I’ve seen in a long time.
Holy shit
At first glance i didnt notice a difference. Super cool cosplay OP
This is really unsettling. I love it.
Can hardly tell the difference, good job.
Wow, looks more like Kara than the actual game Kara
How did you do the face?
Wasnt this a movie ?
Change the tittle to "Realistic textures mod on/off" and watch half the comment section insist it really is an in game screenshot.
I swear i thought its a screenshot
Really impressive detail with the lighting and all!
Love it!
Wow, that's just so well done. 10/10.
Kara's missing, not accurate at all! In all seriousness though, that's awesome!
I’m sad now cause I only just finished my first play through yesterday and I failed to keep Kara alive at the river, great job just fuck
The corporate want you to find the difference between these pictures




There the same picture
Spot on
/u/limerent_doe
asked elsewhere, but how did you accomplish the armband?
That is 100% accurate
Are you human?
Lawdy
Great job!
Dude that's a boss cosplay
I'll take one of the CGI, please.
[removed]
\*looks at the picture

"Oh my god"
OP add me lets play Detroit- battle royale. they say its exactly like the city Detroit itself.
10/10 amazing.
This is AMAZING
omg! i’m so sorry i couldn’t save you. i tried so hard. gut wrenching. 😓
Awesome! And you even got your kid to stand behind you to really sell the shot! 😉
Spot on
This give me an idea for my cosplay. I just need to show up with my daily outfit and I will become Ted
My girl took to screenshots and put them side by.. oh
Whoa impressive
This made me have a massive double take, cool side-by-side.  Great cosplay!
Very well done! Kara and alice made me cry like a baby in that game.
Nice. You look a LOT like the character North, even more than look like Kara
This is amazing
That cosplay looks amazing! You really nailed it
Creepy af but spot on good job seriously
Really well done!
Perfect
No way!! That looks amazing. Awesome work
Level of resemblance: 100%
Good shit
Ray tracing version / Normal gameplay version
What the fuck why is it 1:1 Kara converted into a real life
Awesome
AWESOME AWESOME COSPLAY!!!! Keep up the great work!!!
Super awesome.
I wish I could have this much cosplay talent. This is awesome
This is unbelievable realistic, it’s uncanny!
That's on point
I can’t imagine how many hours were put into it.  Bravo!
I honestly thought the left picture was the one in the game, wow.
On point. Take the upvote
My first though was actually that they are really upping the graphics for the next game until I saw it was a cosplay.
Almost no difference between them 🙈
Wow you look JUST like her it's scary. Awesome cosplay! Good job.
Perfect!!!
But where is your bulge?
Which one?
Ngl didn't know which one u were
10/10 I think that might actually be the best cosplay I've ever seen.
Wtf this looks too similar. Props to you and the game for having a quality costume and fantastic graphics
This game was amazing
Cool. Whos the person behind you?
Hm yes the new Detroit become human remaster looks amazing for the ps5
I thought that the left one was the screen shot. The thumb nail is small on my phone. Amazing job!
This is the best cosplay I’ve ever seen! Amazing job!
You look exactly alike
I had to look hard to see which one was the game. Impressive!
Insane
For like a second, I actually looked at both wondering which one was the real one and which on was the cosplay one, congrats mate
I love the attention to detail on the cosplay!
I'm be real I just thought it was high res next to low res
I’m obsessed with this game these days and look what I find now!!!,that’s amazing dude!!!!!!
Not bad. But you could of did your hair more exact to hers in my opinion. I guess the outfit made up for that tho...
Nice (no 69 or 420,Just nice and epic)
Damn!!! that looks cool af
RTX on / RTX off
10/10, would reset your memory
A cosplay post is now the 4th highest upvoted post on this sub.. Are you guys kidding me?
Detroit: Become Human... But with ray tracing? 👀
Astonishing
I didnt read the caption and I literally thought the left one was a graphic overhaul.
That's scary good! Very well done.
She is beautiful.
Holy shit you two look so much alike!
When the fuck is number 2 coming out
Man these PlayStation 5 Remastered screenshots look dope ;)
Androids are taking over!
i legit got confused which one was the screenshot, great cosplay!
In that photo, you look very like this photo of the actress on whom Kara was based:

https://www.imdb.com/name/nm2038170/mediaviewer/rm2879611136
Did you reused some kind of medical scrub to do the outfit? Really smart 👍
Esta increible!
Como es que fabrico la ropa?
Id give her 2/2, nice pair.
What a great cosplay. It's briliant!
OMG, marry me!
Great job!
Which one is the game and which one is you?
Sweet cosplay. Excellent job.
Detroit: become robot ? Hahaha.... What ?
Great cosplay btw
You are more physically beautiful than Kara
How did u do the led thingy?
