Physicist Stephen Hawking dies aged 76
We regret to hear that [Stephen Hawking died tonight at the age of 76]( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-43396008)

We are creating a megathread for discussion of this topic here. The typical /r/science comment rules will not apply and we will allow mature, open discussion. This post may be updated as we are able.

A few relevant links: 

[Stephen Hawking's AMA on /r/science](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/3nyn5i/science_ama_series_stephen_hawking_ama_answers/)

[BBC's Obituary for Stephen Hawking](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-15555565)

If you would like to make a donation in his memory, the Stephen Hawking Foundation has [the Dignity Campaign](http://www.stephenhawkingfoundation.org/dignity-campaign/) to help buy adapted wheelchair equipment for people suffering from motor neuron diseases.  You could also consider donating to [the ALS Association](http://www.alsa.org/donate/) to support research into finding a cure for ALS and to provide support to ALS patients.
i guess he did outlive his life expectancy by 60 years

Woah. One of those deaths you always saw coming but still shocks you.
“We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that, I am extremely grateful.” - Stephen Hawking

Rest In Peace to a man who in 1962 was only expected to live two more years. Thank you for giving me someone to look up to as a lost child and sharing your genius with the world. 

“I have lived with the prospect of an early death for the last 49 years. I’m not afraid of death, but I’m in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.”
RIP
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. 
It matters that you don't just give up.
An absolutely monumental mind. The world mourns his loss. 
A sad day for scientists and science enthusiasts around the world. He was instrumental in inspiring so many with a love for science. Even as someone in a totally unrelated field, Hawking was one of the people that made me excited about science as a kid. I'm sure I'm not the only one. Rest in peace.
[removed]
Very sad. Let's celebrate his life though, he had a good run for someone in his condition.
pour one out for the OG wheelin and dealin, rubber pealin, physicist on the A-List. His body may be dismissed but his knowledge will persist
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge." RIP.
Legend. So sad to see him go
Wow. Did this come out of nowhere?

He was the person who got me interested is science. So sad to hear this news.
It's a shame but, I think he lived a very fulfilling life. He got an illness that usually kills most people in an incredibly short time, and then he lived out to a pretty healthy and average lifespan. All while being one of the most famous scientists of all-time, a person that was an inspiration and got so many others interested in science.

I have nothing but respect for him, I don't think history will ever forget this man.
No other scientist is even half as popular as he was. No scientist has reached that level of popularity in pop culture since Carl Sagan and Albert Einstein. However, it is a miracle he was able to live this long with his disease and the fact that he embraced it and found a way to live with it is inspiring. The world is a better place because of him and that can't be said of many people.
Damn. I guess I forgot he was a person who could die. I mean he's been in my life since Dexter's Lab.

It's so weird to thin about how I've never even come close to meeting this man but his life and death still have such an impact on mine.
He died on Pi day. I find this comfortably poetic. 
Smartest man of his time.
[You Want a Physicist to Speak at Your Funeral](https://imgur.com/gallery/cC8sAOw), and I really hope there are a lot at his service/wake/whatever event occurs for him. I don't usually get bent out of shape about "celebrity" passings, but this one... this is a doozy.
Sad news for everyone, not just the science community. He leaves a lasting legacy behind him, both in terms of his scientific contributions but also his perseverance in the face of a debilitating disease. He was truly an inspiration.
This saddens me deeply. You were an inspiration for all, Stephen, and the memory of you will last forever alongside other brilliant minds that have gone before you.

I hope your body and your soul finally get the rest you deserve.
Man, what a sad day for science
Dust to dust. Ashes to ashes. His contributions will be remembered in the annals of History and the foundations of our Science.

Sic itur ad astra.

At least he saw a fair amount of the culmination of his work, he worked on black hole theory for a long time with their existence and properties. Only a few months ago did we receive images for the first time of an event horizon of a black hole. He got to see what he believed in his whole life

Edit: typo haha
In 50 years he'll be seen in a similar way as we see Einstein today. What a legendary figurehead for science.
Such a sad day to hear news like this. He was such a great inspiration and will be missed deeply. RIP Dr. Hawking. Thank you for all you have done. 
RIP. Huge loss. 
Sad to see him go, but him passing on Pi Day is quite poetic.
He was one of my biggest inspirations as a kid trying to become a physicist coming from a low income area. Starting grad school now. Here is a drink out to you.
I apologize in advance for the rant.

I work in a field that's very unrelated to Science. All my life, though, I've been coming back to Physics and Math, doing some sporadic reading, wishing I could pursue either field seriously, because it always felt like they were fundamental to everything we see around us, and the universe in general. I never got around to doing anything about it, but this man is one of the big reasons I kept coming back. Just last night, some kind of spark was reignited for some reason, and I went back to a lot of old theory - rifling through my school textbooks, just enjoying the feeling of learning. I stayed up all night going from one resource to another, and the rabbit hole took me to Sabrina Pasterski and then [this](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.09175.pdf) paper. I can't believe that just a few hours after that, the man who wrote it is gone.

I'm not even sure why I'm rambling on. I'm in shock, and I guess I'm trying to say that I promise to never ignore my longing to learn science again. I will pursue it, if nothing else, to honor this great man. He gave his life to it, and gave us so much. With both my spirit and flesh willing, it's a crime to not commit. If you've actually read this far, I apologize for going on and on, but I promise you, whoever you are, that I'm going to try. And I will keep coming back to this post, this thread, and this great, great man's life whenever I wander away from this promise. I hope that one day, I can say with pride that Stephen Hawking inspired my scientific journey.

Rest in peace, sir. We will never let your name or your unmeasurable work and impact be forgotten. 
[removed]
Holy shit, at a emergency hospital for my cat, browsing waiting to here back from nurse. Jesus I can’t even process this.
Damn, this is really depressing. Rest in peace, Stephen. We owe him a lot. 
Wow. Such as fantastic mind taken from us. I wish his family well.
"Although I cannot move and I have to speak through a computer, in my mind I am free" - Stephen Hawking

Trapped in his own body, his passion for knowledge and science inspired us all. Humanity has lost one of the greatest minds.
RIP, he lasted so long and made a huge impact.
This hit me hard. As a fellow redditor put it, Professor Hawking wasn’t a person whose death really crossed anyone’s minds despite his condition, therefore it comes as a total shock. 

(Paraphrasing)
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge."
It is hard to understate the tragedy of losing someone of his magnitude. Rest In Peace doctor.
Huge loss for humanity, we were lucky to have him as long as we did. I think this means the average IQ of the planet just went down a couple points.
This is such a sad news for the scientific world. Considering the fact how smart he was, I only hope that the people he was working with were able to grasp as much ideas and knowledge from this genius. 

No matter the condition he was in he was able to have a good life and great people that supported him. Moreover, the respect that he got was earned through hard work and dedication. 

I can add this that he was able to raise awareness  for the disabled people as well. No matter the disability you can achieve great things when your hard work and dedication is set for them. 

RIP Genius. 
When I was eleven, 1994, a handful of disabled kids were chosen to spend a few hours with him and I was one of those lucky kids.  It was a really interesting and amazing experience.  Not very much science talk, just a successful disabled man sharing his life story with a bunch kids who had very few adults they could really connect with on that level.  He was funny and relatable.  It was definitely one of those moments that shaped my life.  
He was one of the greatest minds in human history
Noooooo! And on Einsteins birthday too.
Do not be sad he has left this mortal coil.  Be glad he was here and contributed greatly to mankind's knowledge and reaching for the stars.

Rest in Peace, Stephen Hawking, and thank you.
Nah, he finally figured out time travel. We'll see him again tomo.
Rest in peace, Mr Hawking. The world wouldn't have been the same without him.
I let out an audible *noooooo!* when I read the headline. I just assumed he was going to live forever. I know what they mean when they say *the world will be that much worse of a place without him in it.*
[deleted]
The age of 76 is a good age even for somebody who's pretty healthy.  Rest in peace.  
See you among the stars steve.
He has been my hero since I was a teenager. RIP, you amazing human being. You will not be forgotten.
Rest in peace, Mr. Hawking. Without you, I wouldn't have *nearly* the love, or enthusia, towards science as I do. Thank you, not only for inspiring me, but multiple *generations* of people. May you rest in peace among the stars you, and countless others, helped define.
He lost the power of walking

And used a machine for his talking

A brilliant guy

We all sought to buy

His secrets of life. He was Hawking.


A loss for all humanity. He was a brilliant will be remembered forever for his contributions to physics, and for being an inspiration to anyone suffering from physical disability. Rest In Peace.
Kind of weird with it being pi day.
See you, Space Cowboy...
I think my favorite Stephen Hawking story is that a few years ago it was suggested that he update his voice program to something more modern and realistic sounding. Apparently his reply was something along the lines of "Why would I want to change my voice?"

We were lucky to have him.
I know this comment is just going to be buried, but I think it’s of note that Hawking died on Einsteins birthday, who also lived to be 76. Today is also Pi Day. (3.14)
Thanks to the NHS for keeping this great mind alive for 56 years after being diagnosed with a deadly disease.
RIP Dr Hawking
His gift to humanity will live on far longer and far reaching than we can conceive. I hope he left his most important thoughts and experiments to his most trusted people.
Stardust stuff on its way back to the stars..
WHOA WHOA, WHAT. NO. Dammit, we lost the Einstein of our generation.
OMG, I love his Album, worked with Pink Floyd, his voice was great...

---

[Keep Talking && Talkin` Hawkin`](https://muxiv.com/en/playlist/365607596)

---
Its devastating news, but maybe one of my atoms will be hanging with one of his atoms in a star one day
Hey thats a heck of a good run, especially with the physical problems he carried for so long.  Did more sitting in a chair than most people do with full mobility.  Hell of a man.  
His name shall be written in the stars: Hawking. His mind was his power, and his power was near boundless.

Sleep tight, Professor. It’s a rest you deserve.
I think we should give him a Valhalla-style funeral fit for a scientist of his stature, by launching him on a rocket into the sun.
Stephen Hawking was a fucking inspiration. He was a great scientist even if he was a shitty husband. Dude inspired me to study computer science so I owe him for that.
He'll always be an inspiration for scientists both young and old.
A great man. Everyone should read his book A Brief History of Time Changed the way I see the world. I already miss him.
"I’m not afraid of death, but I’m in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first." -- Stephen Hawking
One of the greatest minds to ever roll the Earth. 
For some reason, I never even considered this a possibility. I never thought about the fact that Stephen Hawking would eventually die. Surreal
And now, he belongs to the ages. RIP.
The first picture of a black hole opens a new era of astrophysics. The supermassive beast lies in a galaxy called M87 more than 50 million light-years away

I remember how vague the information about black holes was when I was at school, 20 to 25 years ago. To be able to take a photo of this clarity a quarter of a century later is astounding! 

I am very excited to read the implications of what this means for astrophysics, and what discoveries it may lead to.
Hey everyone!

If you'd like a higher resolution image, the National Science Foundation's press release has a 4k image.

https://www.nsf.gov/news/special_reports/blackholes/downloads/A-Consensus.jpg (4000x2330, 864kb)

Another user posted a [link to the original RAW image](https://www.eso.org/public/archives/images/original/eso1907a.tif). .tif, 7416x4320, 183 Mb.

The same RAW full-size .tif image, converted to .jpg, shrunk with JPEGmini pro, [7416x4320, 722KB.](https://ibb.co/YTBJ3Mb)
A great day for science and scientists around the world. As one of the speakers said, today one of our most incredible mathematical concepts went from an equation on the blackboard to a real image for everyone to see. Congratulations to all of those incredibly smart and dedicated people for showing us this wonder.
Einstein **CONFIRMED AGAIN** but this time, under *extreme conditions*


"Overall, the observed image is consistent withexpectations for the shadow of a spinning Kerr black hole as predicted by general relativity."


https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.3847/2041-8213/ab0f43/pdf



Einstein did it **AGAIN!**
So is it right to say that the image is 54 million years old? (around the beginning of evolution of primates)
THE FULL PAPERS:  [https://iopscience.iop.org/journal/2041-8205](https://iopscience.iop.org/journal/2041-8205) 

NO APOLOGIES FOR CAPS LOCK TODAY
Radio astronomer here!  This is *huge* news! (I know we say that a lot in astronomy, but honestly, we are lucky enough to live in very exciting times for astronomy!) First of all, while the existence of black holes has been accepted for a long time in astronomy, it's one thing to see effects from them (LIGO seeing them smash into each other, [see stars orbit them](https://www.reddit.com/r/educationalgifs/comments/bb6gj8/trajectories_of_stars_orbiting_the_supermassive/), etc) and another to *actually get a friggin' image of one*.  Even if to the untrained eye it looks like a donut- let me explain why!

Now what the image shows is not of the hole itself, as gravity is so strong light can't escape there, but related to a special area called the [event horizon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event_horizon), which is basically the "point of no return" after which you cannot escape. (It should be noted that the black hole is *not* actively sucking things into it like a vacuum, just like the sun isn't actively sucking the Earth into it.) As such, what we are really seeing here is not the black hole itself- light can't escape once within the event horizon- but rather all the matter swirling around and falling in.  In the case of the M87 black hole, it's estimated about 90 Earth masses of material falls onto it every day, so there is plenty to see relative to our own [Sag A*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagittarius_A*).

Now, on a more fundamental level than "it's cool to have a picture of a black hole," there are a ton of unresolved questions about fundamental physics that this result can shed a relatively large amount on.  First of all, the entire event horizon is an insanely neat result predicted by general relativity (GR) to happen in extreme environments, so to actually see that is a great confirmation of GR.  Beyond that, general relativity breaks down when so much mass is concentrated at a point that light cannot escape, in what is called a [gravitational singularity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_singularity), where you treat it as having infinite density when using general relativity.  We don't think it literally is infinite density, but rather that our understanding of physics breaks down. (There are also several secondary things we don't understand about black hole environments, like the mechanism of how [relativistic jets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astrophysical_jet) get beamed out of some black holes.) We are literally talking about a regime of physics that Einstein didn't understand, and that we can't test in a lab on Earth because it's so extreme, and there is literally a booming sub-field of theoretical astrophysics trying to figure out these questions.  Can you imagine how much our understanding of relativity is going to change now that we actually have *direct imaging* of an event horizon?  It's priceless!

Third, this is going to reveal my bias as a radio astronomer, but... guys, this measurement and analysis was amazingly *hard* and I am in awe of the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) team and their tenacity in getting this done.  I know several of the team and remember how dismissed the idea was when first proposed, and [have observed at one of the telescopes used for the EHT](https://www.reddit.com/r/Andromeda321/comments/8tfhgr/guess_whos_observing_tonight_at_the_submillimeter/) (for another project), and wanted to shed a little more on just why this is an amazing achievement.   Imagine placing an orange on the moon, and deciding you want to resolve it from all the other rocks and craters with your naked eye- *that* is how detailed this measurement had to be to resolve the event horizon.  To get that resolution, you literally have to link radio telescopes across the planet, from Antarctica to Hawaii, by calibrating each one's data (after it's shipped to you from the South Pole, of course- Internet's too slow down there), getting rid of systematics, and then co-adding the data.  This is so incredibly difficult I'm frankly amazed they got this image in as short a time as they did! (And frankly, I'm not surprised that one of their two targets proved to be too troublesome to debut today- getting even this one is a Nobel Prize worthy accomplishment.)

A final note on that- why M87?  Why is that more interesting than the black hole at the center of the galaxy?  Well, it turns out even with the insanely good resolution of the EHT, which is the best we can do until we get radio telescopes in space as it's limited by the size of our planet, there are only two black holes we can resolve.  Sag A*, the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy that clocks in at 4 million times the mass of the sun, we can obviously do because it's relatively nearby at "only" 25,000 light years away.  M87's black hole, on the other hand, is 7 billion times the mass of the sun, or 1,700 *times* bigger than our own galaxy's supermassive black hole.  This meant its effective size was half as big as Sag A* in in the sky despite being 2,700 times the distance (it's ~54 million light years).  The reason it's cool though is it's such a monster that it M87 emits these giant jets of material, unlike Sag A*, so there's going to now be a ton of information in how those work!

Anyway, this is long enough, but I hope you guys are as excited about this as I am and this post helps explain the gravity of the situation!  It's amazing both on a scientific and technical level that we can achieve this!

TL;DR- This is a big deal scientifically because we can see an event horizon and test where general relativity breaks down, but also because technically this was super duper hard to do.  Will win the Nobel Prize in the next few years.

Edit: A lot of questions about why Sag A* wasn't also revealed today.  Per someone I know really involved in one of the telescopes, the weather was not as good at all the telescopes as it was for the M87 observation (even small amounts of water vapor in the air absorb some of the signal at these frequencies), and the foregrounds are much more complicated for Sag A* that you need to subtract.  It's not yet clear to me whether data from that run will still be usable, or they will need to retake it.
[removed]
May someone please ELI5 what we're seeing and the signifance?
Neat that the Doppler shift on one side is so clear. What an image
[removed]
"But the new EHT measurements show that its mass is about 6.5 billion solar masses."

Let that sink in for a moment.  The sun is the ever present, dominant feature of our solar system.  Now take 6.5 billion more of them, roughly one for every person living on the earth, and cram them all into one spot.  Really puts into perspective our relative insignificance.
[removed]
Why does it have an accretion disk rather than an accretion shell? Does the angle of the accretion disk tell you something about the angular momentum inside the black hole or something?
While I was hoping it'd be Sag A, I really can't complain. It's a stunning image.
Why did they refer to the image as a "shadow" of a black hole several times in the livestream? My understanding of shadows is that they're from a light source that's blocked by matter. Black holes aren't shining, and the image was also described as being the radio waves from the matter surrounding the black hole. Cam someone explain this to me?
Does anyone know if they will continue observations of M87 to further improve the image?  If so, how much further can it be improved?

Edit:  More telescopes are being added including one in Greenland, more frequencies will be observed, and data processing algorithms are being improved.  Not only are they attempting to make it sharper, but observing new frequencies may reveal things not currently seen.  I've not heard anyone estimate how much the image can be improved without extending the telescope into space.

From the article, the Greenland Telescope and the Kitt Peak National Observatory will participate in the next EHT run.
[removed]
Interstellar got it right!
Sad Stephen Hawking isn't alive to see this.
I don't think I've been this excited for science in my life. So pumped!
Does it seem to anyone else that the picture is moving?, specifically the back center seems to grow when I look at it, I even thought it was a gif at first
Honestly, one of the best reasons to be paying attention to the news lately is the science! Super excited about this research.
It's funny to think I will be able to tell my grandchildren that I can remember when the first black hole was photographed.
Questions for those who know more:

- Does the brighter area at the bottom indicate that that's only place we have direct line of sight, or that that part of the disk is moving towards us?

- Are the two brighter areas on the top left and bottom right the jets emitted from the black hole? Or are we looking at something else? What about the other smudges on the outside?

- Is the fact the center isn't perfectly black, but in fact brighter than the edges of the picture just an artifact of data smoothing? Or did we actually receive light from that area?

- There seems to be a sort of gap in the brightest region, what could cause that?
Don’t know why, but when I saw the picture for the first time I got a sense of apprehension. I know it’s 50 million of years away but the caption is right, it is a beast.
I was streaming the event on my phone and took some screenshots of interesting slides.

[Here is a graphic of just how large the M87 black hole is. Approximately 1.5 light days in width! Y axis is logarithmic scale for kilometers](https://i.imgur.com/SGHVY6o.jpg)
Man, what a missed opportunity for a headline:

“First picture of black hole sheds light on general relativity.”
Wonder what r/flatearth thinks of this
[removed]
[removed]
Where is the light around the black hole coming from in this photo?
I really hope I'm still alive when we find out what's in it or what happens when matter goes in it. Black Holes are easily the most fascinating things (that we know of) in the universe.
https://www.eso.org/public/images/eso1907a/
Here is the link for various image formats of first black hole.
I doubt Einstein would have ever dreamed that his theory would be confirmed by analysing an *actual image* of a black hole. It's insane to be able to wake up, open my phone and be greeted with an *actual picture of a black hole.* We're living in the future!
Is the accretion disk perpendicular to us? Are we looking at the one of the poles of the black hole?

Or, is this a picture through the accretion disk, with a dimming at the center from the hole in the center?
Since this black hole is over 50 million light-years away does this mean that what we are seeing in this picture is this black hole from over 50 million years ago? Is that how time works with the speed of light?
This faintly reminds me of the black hole render created for Interstellar. Really cool stuff.

[https://imgur.com/gallery/d6nCch9](https://imgur.com/gallery/d6nCch9)
I thought the accretion disc would be aligned with the galactic plane and hence with the telescope. I expected it to be at most a line across the photo, but it seems that the accretion disc is directly in front of us, why is that?
[deleted]
Question: how is the black hole facing us? Like, why is the accretion disk sitting such that we observe a whole ring, rather than at some other angle, like parallel to the telescope, which would show something like a flat line? With light coming at this from essentially all directions, why is it not more of a bright sphere? If I were physically near the black hole, and moved around it from space to view it from different angles, would the disk "follow" me so that I always see this sort of cross-section?


This is the first time I had ever thought of this question. Up until now I always accepted that artist's renderings of black holes might not be perfect (or as accurate as they turned out to be,) but never thought of any other way it *could* look.
Can someone explain this?  Why doesn't the accretion disc block out the black hole, since a fair amount of it would probably be between us and the black hole?
Since legalizing cannabis in 2012, crime clearance rates are increasing faster in Washington and Colorado than the rest of country, suggesting that legalization may free police to focus on more serious crimes.

[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
can someone explain why the comments are removed?
[removed]
This is great for everyone who's favorite drugs are weed and alcohol. But lots of other adults activate their brain receptors with different drugs that they do in the privacy of their own home and are felons for it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Clearance rate is how fast a crime is solved FYI. 
[removed]
"The researchers stress, however, that the data can’t prove conclusively that legalization directly caused the changes in clearance rates. There could have been other changes to policing in those states during that time period, such as increased use of overtime hours, the implementation of new policing strategies or a more aggressive focus on certain types of crime."
Like pulling me over for doing 9 over the speed limit?
[removed]
[removed]
Why is almost every comment in this thread deleted?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Why in the hell has all the top comments been removed?? So annoying
This entire comment section has been nuked and purged. Why did the mods do this? 
Soo.. Why every comment is removed?
Hopefully this will happen in Canada when it's legal as well. It was just a waste on Police resources. 
I wonder if this same phenomenon will happen in Canada after it's legal. I am thinking the change won't be dramatic as cops don't really arrest people for small quantities of weed. They usually just take it away, not really worth the paperwork. 
[removed]
Well imo, whether pots illegal or not, cops have their own discretion. They don’t have to throw a pot smoker in jail. Along with the harsh sentences given by judges who, you guessed it, also have their own discretion..
[removed]
Raising the taxes of graduate students by as much as 300% will be a disaster for the USA
Science and technology development has been the story of the past 100 years.  The discoveries and innovations are progressing at a dazzling rate, much of this lead by researchers at universities in the USA.  At these universities, a substantial amount of the work is done by graduate students, who work long hours (80 hours weeks aren't unusual) for little pay.  These graduate students go on to work in good paying jobs, where their innovations make more jobs for others.  


Start-ups develop to bring new innovations based on the skills graduate students learn (Google was the project of a couple of Stanford grad students, even Reddit benefited from the skills of a physics grad student/PhD, /u/keysersosa, the current CTO.)  Grad school has been for decades a path to prosperity for  those who come from humble beginnings but are willing to work hard, and make sacrifices, a system that has greatly benefited all of us.


This is why we scientists are shocked and appalled by the recently passed tax bill in congress which will result in the tax bills of already poor grad students [going up by as much as 300%](http://fortune.com/2017/11/08/graduate-students-say-gop-tax-plan-could-increase-their-taxes-by-nearly-300/), which would see their take-home pay drop by 25%. As a former grad student myself, I can tell you that I would not have been able to continue if my pay had be reduced by $7,000, and many students would make the same conclusion.  Instead, some will not go into science or they will leave the USA to be a grad student in Europe or Asia, most of these students will never return to the USA. 


This is why every major science organization has [voiced opposition to the current tax plan](https://www.aaas.org/sites/default/files/AAAS%20Multisociety%20Letter%20on%20Tax%20Reform.pdf?D1fnCM0H.C.qegz_Yo2wJwPV7IWBzuGy), make no mistake, this plan will [undermine research and eventually the economy of the USA](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-017-05925-6).

In comic form from [PhD Comics](http://phdcomics.com/comics/archive.php?comicid=1985).


What can we do to stop it?  Call your representatives in congress and let them know.  It hasn't passed yet, but it's about to.  If we don't raise voices now, we will all regret it.

Edit: There is an official White House petition you can sign to express your opposition: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/opposition-taxation-graduate-student-tuition-waivers-and-remissions

Aslo: https://medium.com/@avandervort/an-open-letter-to-the-senate-concerning-h-r-1-and-the-graduate-student-tax-provision-5ff7ace9262d

 
I'm a PhD student in the bay area. My University tuition is ~$45K/year.

I pay $2.1K/mo on rent for myself and my wife (who makes about ~$25K per year). This rent is *very* reasonable for a couples studio.

If this bill passes as written, our household taxable income will be about $90K, which is absolutely insane for the money we bring home. 

EDIT: 

In case others did not know, I also have my own graduate stipend.
Don’t forget teachers, who often need a Master’s. This could push people away from becoming educators.
this is going to get buried but another issue that many miss is that PhD students often don't take classes after about 2 years and are forced to register for a 0 credit "class" that shows the university they are still a student. During this time they are teaching classes (for a salary of 20k/year) and working on research projects under grants. Oh and by the way, when these big grants come in, the university takes half of that money in the form of "overhead rate". 

Last year I took zero classes and was charged ~$30,000 in tuition (which of course was waived). This means I will be taxed on an additional 30k without ever taking a course at the university during that year. 
Student loan debt is the next bubble we are sitting on and it's going to screw over an entire generation of kids. These loans are worth more than mortgages for some kids. I understand that they should be going into majors where they can make that money back, but it's unrealistic to assume every single person wants to be a doctor or engineer. People should be smart about the loans they take out, but the loans shouldn't be 200k for a 4 year bachelors degree. 




Add the fuel to the fire that is the inability to write off grad loans and it's absolutely going to pop that bubble sooner than later. It's inexplicable. 







EDIT: So I posted this at work and didn't have time to really check on it after a few replies and it suddenly became my highest upvoted comment to date. I just wanna thank my mom, my brothers, and my pet cat Dexter. But I also wanna say a few things. One, I am in absolutely **no way** specialized in this field of talk. I have rudimentary understandings of virtually everything I know in life so I apologize if anything in the original post was misinformed aka my terminology of this being a "bubble". Basically this cannot by definition be a bubble because the goods being bought with these loans cannot be traded and or refunded (I think? did I get that right guys?). 



As far as the idea that people should be more responsible when taking out loans: I agree *to an extent*. I think parents and teachers of this generation (one which gets bashed at every possible moment) need to step the fuck up and teach their kids proper financing. I'm lucky that my mother did this for me. We weren't born into money but my mother worked her ass off with 4 kids to get her Masters in medicine to become a nurse practitioner, but that didn't happen until I was about 14 so she taught us good money habits from a super young age. BUT, even she didn't understand this college loan shit. Not until she started paying for some of it to help us out did she really understand what was happening. So, I think parents with kids that are 13-17 at the moment should be talking to their kids about student loans **right the fuck now**. Not about what they wanna be when they grow up. Not about what school they want to go to. But about how much money this entire system drains you of. 



That's all from me for the night I might try replying to some more of you but I really didn't expect this comment to blow the fuck up. Make good choices and do good things y'all!  
Your post describes my situation, I am a graduate student who came back to the US for my studies. I'm already in a very tight situation financially so if this tax reform passes I'm going to have no choice but to turn around and go back to Germany. I will essentially be forced out of my own country.
This whole thing highlights the absurdity of the shell game that Universities play with PhD. students.

In the first 1-2 years I could see where they have a point. The student takes real classes from real professors. Your tuition waiver as a PhD student gives you those classes for free. So you can say you did receive something of value you weren't taxed on.

However, once these class requirements are fulfilled, the PhD. student is now a full time research a assistant. A reasonable person might expect that the student now gets the money that used to go to their classes. Nope! They get a small pay bump of a few thousand a year when they make this status change.

In effect, once the "student" becomes a full research assistant their pay is cut massively because they aren't getting the full benefit of their tuition waiver anymore. However, the "student" needs to keep their student status so they make the "student" register for "thesis/research credits" which are billed at the same rate as real classes. But there is no classroom, no curriculum no homework, no exams. It's just there to keep student status but they charge for this and then waive it! The student is no longer receiving any value, in fact they are receiving negative value! And now they want to tax this negative value? This is insane.
"...will leave USA to be a grad student in Europe or Asia."

Uhh, did we forget about Canada? Could use you guys over here, honestly. 
[removed]
Hey guys, I am not familiar with US tax laws, however my sister is pursuing her PhD in the US (NY to he exact), and I'm planning to go there for my masters degree next fall as well.

Terribly sorry to bother y'all with this, but can someone please ELI5 what this new tax proposal means for grad students (masters and PhD's)? 

Thank you, and again, really sorry, but I don't understand a lot of the technicalities here. :)
I wonder how this affects student athletes with tuition waivers. We might get more traction pointing out the damage this will do to college football programs than getting congress to sympathize with PhD students. 
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Would it not be possible for universities to simply restructure how tuition waivers work so that Graduate Assistants simply qualify for lower tuition rates instead of a "waiver system"?
Dumb question...  couldn't the schools fight back and claim tuition is super cheap, so the students don't pay taxes on "income?"

There has to be a way around this nonsense.

[removed]
Is there a political subreddit that people actually discuss important issues like tax reform rather than lobbing character accusations? I consider myself a left leaning independent and am in a pretty much all blue district. I would love to hear from a conservative who thinks that this plan is a good idea and why. 
Why is nobody talking about the educational institutions part in this equation?

The PhD folks on here are acting like they are powerless because now they'll have to pay taxes on the actual value of the income the receive in the form of reduced / subsidized education when all the while the University you attend is making PROFIT off of the student's teaching other students.

The university is foregoing paying tons of money on their employees by using a form of indentured servitude to fill their staffing needs.  As an employer, they aren't paying their matched part of the tax equation, no social security benefits, unemployment insurance, etc, because they're using the PhD candidates to do work for them.  All of this from a FOR PROFIT company, the University.

I would LOVE to have a business where I could pretend that I charge $50k / year to 'teach' my employees the tools of the trade for several years and flat out not pay them (or any of my tax burden) all the while my 'employees' are earning me profit...
It is worth noting the Senate version of the tax bill does not include a plan to tax tuition waivers.

Further, it is worth remembering that the tuition waivers are largely a trick of financial accounting. PhD students get their tuition paid for in exchange for TA-ing or some similar activity. The colleges and universities like this arrangement because it is tax advantageous for them. But they could just as easily award the PhD students a scholarship instead of a tuition waiver. Or - gasp - they could pay them a fair wage for the work they do.

That’s why I’m not too up in arms about this bill.

1. I doubt that the final bill will tax tuition waivers.

2. The real problem here is universities exploiting cheap, graduate labor. I’d rather we focus on that problem.
Starving scientist is the new starving artist.
[deleted]
My taxes as a grad student would have been significantly higher. Most people's would if their income jumped $20-35,000. My stipend was $20,00/yr. Jumping to $50k would have been a huge tax increase!

To be clear I have absolutely no problem with my stipend being taxed. That was money I made and it was only appropriate. 

That is not what this is about.

But I never saw a dime of the $30k my university charged for tuition even in years when I wasn't taking coursework. They write themselves a credit for allowing me to be enrolled regardless of how I used that enrollment. For example, when I took a semester for maternity leave I had to stay enrolled. Thankfully my university covered my tuition that semester while I stayed home with the kid. 

If that had not been the case I would have been taxed on $15k that semester while I didn't take a single course, attend a single lecture, use the library, or anything else. And I definitely didn't get any portion of that $15k in my bank account. 

There are a lot of broken things about higher education. But the ability for hard working and smart people to make a better life though getting a fellowship to graduate school that waives incredibly high tuitions is a vital way we can come closer to that American dream. 

People with graduate degrees improve our economy in part by improving their overall earning potential. But you can't do that if you can't survive graduate school. $20k/yr in Boston was hard enough. Now congress wants to ensure that only people willing to take out crippling amounts of students loans or who have rich parents will be able to go to graduate school. Or, as the post suggests, we'll all just leave for greener pastures in other countries. 

The brain drain and reduction in scientific progress in America will haunt this country for decades to come.
Excuse my ignorance, but whats stopping grad students being paid more to make up the difference?
I don't think it is fair to just throw the "300% " in the room without even mentioning HOW the increase works.

The taxhike is done by taxing graduate students who get their tuition as gift from the university.

Universities get around paying higher wages by basically deducting the tuition fee from the wage, but not calling it that. They just "forgive" the tuition fee, thus allowing them to pay lower wages, because students don't have to require wages to pay that tuition out of.

For the system that means basically the tuition gets removed from the system twice. As part of the wage, and as part of the revenue of the universities.

**The outrage**: Taxing things that you DIDN'T pay. If that logic was broadly applied, homeless people would have to pay taxes for meals received at the soup kitchen. If you get anything for free as promotion, or gift. that would all have to be declared as income. Which is on one level ludicrous. (even more absurdly: Technically if you get a tax deduction, it would have to be counted as taxable income, which is the outcome of taxing things you DIDN'T earn.....). It creates a giant question mark in terms of "perks of a job". What kind of benefits to you by having a certain job should be quantified and taxed? How about a company car? Do you have to declare that? Do you apply "common leasing rates"?

**The justification**: You can't just remove ANY gift from taxation, because it allows for massive tax evasion. There is a difference for the system whether you get peanuts as wages but board and food as "gift", or getting a proper wage that gets taxed and have to PAY for accommodation and for your food (each being taxed as income for the provider)

In this case the universities basically are skirting their dues by artificially reducing their revenue (tuition fees not taken in) but compensating it with lower wages, thus reducing the payroll tax on the students side.

**The flaw**:
THe flaw is that this AGAIN is  putting the pressure on the weakest people IN this situation, by now taxing the forgiven tuition as income, as IF they had received it as income and then paid it, thus making receiving the waiver unattractive, thus forcing the students to demand wages that allows them to PAY the tuition, which then gets taxed as revenue on the universities side.  
edit: Additional flaw: It doesn't work. The workaround for the university is to increase the wages by JUST the amount the students have to pay as taxes, this STILL doesn't force them to pay taxes on their forgiven revenue (basically implying that universities are lobbying hard enough to skirt THAT part of the problem)

**Solution**: If the goal is to prevent universities to apply this trick, but not want to punish the students, the tuition would have to be tax deductible. Basically the whole problem only arises because of for-profit education to begin with.

**Additional observation**:
The above is independent from observations or disagreement of how the actual tax burden is distributed in the US. It doesn't address how the worst offenders against the common good get the most lenient tax deductions and lowest taxes, or why specifically for profit education is under the microscope here, rather than other ways to avoid contributing to society.

**Tl;dr** :

Just calling it a 300% increase is dishonest and misses the issue in an effort to foster outrage.
This is indicative of a bigger problem, in my opinion. Granted, YES: I will do whatever I can to stop this tax bill. However, I feel like the norm for grad students should not be to slum around in labs in the late hours of the night, doing all of the work for a lead investigator, and then never once being mentioned on a publication. The only place a grad student or post-doc gets mentioned is in the institutions annual budget, way at the bottom, and they're all lumped together anyways: "five post-docs: $140,000" 

I wish there was a way that grad students/post-docs, funding organizations, and investigators alike could all come together and establish a sustainable ecosystem of work for all.

I used to work in the grants funding & peer review space, and listening to established investigators (think: heads of entire cancer centers) and they would look at proposed budgets of research applications and say things like "How does this investigator plan on getting all of this leg work done in such a short amount of time? -- Oh, he's using post-docs, yeah this is great. It also saves tons of money." (everyone votes highly for this application).

This mentality of "pay your dues" is grossly distorted these days.
This is absolutely insane. Along with point 1 (echos what the initial post said) here’s a couple other crazy things this bill does: 
1) GRADUATE STUDENTS GET TAXED ON MONEY THEY NEVER SEE. This means graduate students would instantly start being taxed on $30-50-60K per year of tuition money they get "waived". So they basically pay taxes on money they've never seen and never will see. 
2) REPEALS THE STUDENT INTEREST LOAN DEDUCTION. EVERYONE with student loans who makes under 80k (160K) for couples should be against this. It takes away $2500 of deductible income from you every year. 
3) FREE TUITION BENEFITS FOR FAMILY MEMBERS GET TAXED AS INCOME. So now the people who worked for years for a university so they could get their kids free tuition will have to pay income taxes on that. Which could literally be impossible for some people. If you make 50K and you have two kids in college at the same time for 50K each, you'll get taxed as if you had 150K worth of income. WHAT. 

In return we'll get corporate tax cuts so Apple can sit on more piles of cash and repealing the estate tax so multi-billion dollar estates don't get taxed in six years. Sounds like a fair deal right?
I'm ashamed of my country yet again. I just hope that things get set right soon.
I am amazed and depressed that the country above all others should know the importance of basic science R and D to the modern economy should take such a short sighted step. Look at the level of R&D investment in Japan, Korea and Germany for example. They know better than to try and pick winners but rather invest in fundamental science. How many times does a graduate have to pay for a degree anyway? Students pay the universities then pay again through having earnings that put them in a higher tax bracket compared to contemporaries who don't go to university. Further there is the real problem of inspiring students into STEM courses. Maybe now those bright students will turn to degrees that pay more earlier in their career. Why study physics when there is a fortune to be made as a surgeon or as a dentist. I would love to know the thinking behind the proponents enthusiasm for this backward measure.
Just called in.

Don't let this country's education slide further down the hill, folks
I work at a college, am a current graduate student at that college on tuition remission.  Correct me if I’m wrong, but does this basically mean that I will be completely taxed out of the income I’m earning to do the task I’m being paid to do?
This post has over 100k upvotes, but the petition only has a little over 9.5k signatures. Please sign!
Alternatively, maybe the issue is the cost of education, and NOT the lack of tax breaks for graduate students. 

Maybe if this bill passes, it will force universities to restructure their finances into a sustainable, economically competitive model - instead of one requiring subsidy from band-aid policies and lazily allocated tax dollars. 

It's not impossible
There’s a GOP push right now to cut taxes for the wealthiest corporations, but increase taxes specifically for individual democrat-leaning voters. That why they’re going after grad students and states with higher state taxes (making those higher taxes no longer deductible).
In a prison without walls the most effective shackle is that which is worn voluntarily.

- R.L. Stine

Why do I get that sneaking suspicion that this is all part of the plan? Educated people ask questions.
when it effects you, it's a "tax increase"

when it doesn't effect you, it's "closing loopholes" or "added revenue". 
Look I think I speak for most grad students here when I say most of us aren’t in it for the money, we love what we do. We teach, we do research, we work crazy hours and we get paid a very small amount for our work. The tuition credits make it livable albeit barely. You have the GOP sitting there saying that millionaires and billionaires need more money and that grad students should have their taxable income tripled in some cases. You should be investing in education and research not trying to obliterate it. If somehow this tax plan passes the graduate student population in the US will be a small fraction of what it is now. You’ll see a brain drain the likes of which haven’t been seen since pre World War 2 Germany. 
*side note:

 in order to teach high school you need a masters degree in most places. You’ll not only have a brain drain of grad students you will have a shortages of teachers that’ll make this shortage look like a surplus. 
Since scholarships aren't taxable, why not just call the tuition reimbursement a scholarship?
I'm sure most people are unaware, but the Chinese government currently gives out international scholarships that include tuition, room and board, and even a monthly living stiped for all higher education programs from undergrad to PhD. I would not be surprised to see Chinese programs be far superior in the next 50 years with US schools becoming far too expensive and the Chinese education system becoming more competitive. 
[deleted]
Anyone think this may put pressure on higher education institutions to drop tuition? There are zero cost controls for college or grad school, maybe it's time for some?
We could make tuition $1. Problem solved.
This aspect of the tax bill will single-handedly destroy graduate school in the United States. This is an attack on higher education.
My wife is a pHD student. This law would bankrupt us. 

I'm not sure what we would do.
I wish everybody would understand, that the people doing this, don't care if it's a disaster for the United States in 10 or 20 years. They're playing the short game. They aren't in this for the long haul, they're in this to drop taxes, and get that campaign donation for the next quarter. China is going to CRUSH us economically, technologically, and in skilled workers within 10 years. People think our trade deficit is bad now, we still have an edge in certain fields. We're going to be destroyed because they're playing the infinite game, and U.S. law makers are playing a finite game. They've got 4-6 years to get theirs and they (for the most part) don't care beyond that.
The title is misleading.   This will only affect grad students who have their tuition waived with waivers   This does not affect the majority of grad students who pay tuition.  
 
Maybe it's time for universities to pay a living wage?  That should include the money needed to cover taxes.
Attractive female students no longer earned higher grades when classes moved online during COVID-19

Welcome to r/science! This is a heavily moderated subreddit in order to keep the discussion on science. However, we recognize that many people want to discuss how they feel the research relates to their own personal lives, so to give people a space to do that, **personal anecdotes are now allowed as responses to this comment**. Any anecdotal comments elsewhere in the discussion will continue to be removed and our [normal comment rules]( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/rules#wiki_comment_rules) still apply to other comments.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/science) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A similar study found that the gap between tips earned by attractive waitstaff and their peers narrowed while everyone was wearing masks.  
    
Edit: A couple studies on this
    
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0278431921001390  
    
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/355000035_The_Mask_Effect_on_the_tips_that_customers_leave_restaurant_servers
[removed]
I wonder if unattractive people did any better?
[removed]
From the article: New psychology findings suggest that attractive students earn higher grades in school, but for female students, this beauty premium disappears when classes are taught remotely. The findings were published in the journal [Economic Letters](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016517652200283X).

A large body of research suggests that physical appearance has an impact on a person’s success. For example, attractive people tend to earn more money and report higher life satisfaction than less attractive people. Interestingly, scholars have yet to agree on the explanation behind this beauty premium.

One account suggests that the beauty advantage can be explained by discrimination. For example, employers may inherently favor attractive over unattractive workers. Another perspective suggests that beauty is a productivity-enhancing attribute. This view suggests that attractiveness lends itself to higher productivity, for example, through increased self-confidence.

“I’m interested in discrimination generally,” said Adrian Mehic, a graduate student at Lund University and the author of the new study. “In economics research, lots of attention is given to discrimination based on gender and/or race. While these are important issues, there has not been much research on beauty-based discrimination in the educational setting, so the paper fills a gap there.”

“Also, the pandemic made discrimination based on appearance much more difficult, since teachers could not readily see students’ faces. Whereas discrimination on for instance gender is possible in the online setting also, as long as you have the names of students.”
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This study is being criticized in Sweden due to the fact they had to determine and rate people's beauty and mostly because the scoring of participants leaked
This study has cause quite the stir here in Sweden, especially at Lunds University. And there are many reasons why that is. Of course with a headline like that it is going to attract readers from both within and outside academia, and some of the readers wont be able to tell if the research has been done properly or not. 
Adrian Mehic is now under investigation from the National Research Ethics Board for not conducting ethical research.

 The most disturbing part is that it was conducted without the subjects knowing they were part of the study, and therefore without their consent. Big no no. 
Futhermore the level of attractivness was decided by him going through the subjects social media and picking out what ge thougt were the most attractive pictures of them. These pictures were then sent to a "jury" consisting of about 70 persons, of which about half were high schoolers (!) to rate their attractiveness. As mention, all of this were done without their knowledge and is as a whole pretty skewed way to rate attractiveness. 

In his "study" he also dosnt mention that the absolut main part (in general 70-90%) of the students grades are decided by their final exams, which are only identified by their student IDs. The teacher grading never know which test belongs to which student and at lunds University they are in general not present at the final exams, except for like 10-15 min to answer a question or two. 

Obligatory Sorry for bad formatting and english, im writing from my phone in the bath.
[removed]
A link to the paper: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S016517652200283X
[removed]
I did research on this in high school and in college. Attractiveness gives way to what's known as the "halo effect" , that a bias in the person perceiving the attractiveness begins to associate a whole wealth of positive traits to that person. The attractive person could be average in intelligence, but the halo effect would make someone think that because they're beautiful they must also be smart, confident, kind, compassionate, a good mother/father, good at business, etc etc.

There's already a bias in the workplace where once women have children, career advancement and pay tends to come to a halt compared to single women, whereas men who father children tend to see gains in pay and career advancement compared to their single counterparts. I've always wondered if that played into the halo effect as well (e.g. a male supervisor looking to sexualize an employee but holds off on women he views as other men's property or ruined by motherhood vs men needing to be breadwinners to provide for his wife and children.)

The halo effect causes massive disparities in pay even without counting for racial/gender disparities. Attractive people are seen to make up to 20% more than unattractive people. Being overweight or obese alone can add an additional 5-10% reduction in pay.

Mind you, I graduated high school in '07 and college in '12, So I feel like we've made strides in terms of social tolerance and acceptance. This was just what I had researched at the time.
Very interesting that it disappeared for female students but not male students.  I hope to see more research on this subject. 

Edit: Just read the paper, folks.  It specifically addresses the "why."
[removed]
And now the students are pissed for being graded by looks. Some of them have requested their data, eg how their looks were rated, under GDPR legislation.

https://www-expressen-se.translate.goog/nyheter/studenters-utseende-bedomdes-i-studie/?_x_tr_sl=auto&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=sv&_x_tr_pto=wapp
[removed]
Having a positive response to attractive people is (for most of us) ingrained in our DNA. It goes back to evolution and the preferences for highest likelyhood of survival. That doesn't mean we have to be slaves to these responses, but they are there and can be hard to overcome. A lot of people don't try at all to overcome, though, so there is that
how in the world could this possibly be measured and complied ?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
>The results next revealed that the switch to online instruction eliminated the beauty premium — but only for female students. For non-quantitative courses, attractive female students saw a decline in their grades with remote instruction, while attractive male students continued to enjoy a beauty advantage.

>According to the study author, these findings suggest that discrimination most likely explains the beauty premium for female students, who no longer had higher grades when classes turned remote. But for male students, who continued to see higher grades with attractiveness even when student-teacher interaction was low, beauty seems to be a productivity-enhancing attribute.

I really question this interpretation, given that attractive male students didn't perform any better in quantitative course (math and physics) than their less-attractive peers.

It's possible that their inherent confidence carried over more and boosted them, but it's also possible that female students' attractiveness mostly aides them when they are physically present as opposed to their male counterparts.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This study is being criticized for methodology and not having been properly ethics reviewed.

Article in swedish: [https://www.dn.se/sverige/studenter-fick-ut-sina-snygghetssiffror-kritiserad-studie-anmald/](https://www.dn.se/sverige/studenter-fick-ut-sina-snygghetssiffror-kritiserad-studie-anmald/)

Basically the panel that determined the "beauty" of the students consisted of high school youth. Some of which clearly didn't take it seriously. Some had marked every single student as "extremely unattractive". Considering the study was attemtping to test if adult university lecturers were taking beauty into account it's strange to let high schoolers define how attractive the students were.

The rating was done on photos taken from facebook, which introduces confounding factors. None of the students or teachers were informed about the study and no consent was asked. No ethics review was performed.
[removed]
I would be curious to see what the variance accounted for is for this. I imagine attractiveness also coincides with the confidence to speak to the teacher for help and inquiry for extensions etc.
But the trend didnt change for attractive male students?
[removed]
Does this include lectures of 50+ people? Lecturers don't tend to know their students names where I am.
[removed]
[removed]
No evidence to support link between violent video games and behaviour - Researchers at the University of York have found no evidence to support the theory that video games make players more violent.

[deleted]
[removed]
These studies always seem to focus on "violence", which seems like the most extreme and most rare outcome.

Has anyone researched whether or not heavy game play makes people more argumentative? more competitive? shorter tempered? less likely to stay in relationships?  etc...

I don't know any violent people, but all the petty argumentative folks that I know get way worse when they game a lot.
If we learned anything from the anti-vaccination movement it's that scientific evidence against an already cemented opinion will do nothing to sway that opinion. At best it will be ignored, at worst it will be twisted out of context and used to support their position.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I think something worth pointing out here though is the following:

>Dr Zendle said: ...“We also only tested these theories on adults, so more work is needed to understand whether a different effect is evident in children players.”

I think that's where a lot of the more interesting research will come from, rather than mature brains that can cope/handle things like they had tested. Of course, that'd be a rather longitudinal study.
What I learned from my own research regarding online disinhibition, it is a chicken-egg problem with this topic.

There is evidence that people who already tend towards aggression prefer media that displays aggression. This seems to be the case especially for people who have a tendency towards sadism.

Greitemeyer, T. (2015). Everyday sadism predicts violent video game preferences. Personality and Individual Differences, 75, 19–23. [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2014.10.049](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.paid.2014.10.049)
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Personally, I think and always thought that it really does depend on the person itself. 

When I was a kid my parents wouldn't buy me games that contain any kind of violence, shooting, killing, even when it wasn't necessarily brutal.

Of course, I did play them at my friends and later on my first 'own' computer. I've been playing games for years and I would never say that brutality in games affected me in any way. I'm one of the calmest people I know and while of course I'm not an angel, I keep my thoughts to myself, never fought with anybody, I think of myself as 'stoic' af.

So what I observed is that my parents see the brutality in game differently than me. I'd say they connect killing people in game with killing in real world and thus they rightly think it's bad and wrong. While I'm not mad at them or anything for thinking about it like this I do think differently.

I think that I'm just not perceiving it as / connecting it to killing or brutality. I'm not shooting people. I'm not killing anybody. For me it's just a game and I think that this perception of brutality in games makes you completely 'immune' to it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
My theory is that these video games provide an outlet for violent behavior in a healthy manner; who cares if you murder a few virtual people or monsters in a game? Doesn't mean you're a psychopath in real life.
I wonder what effect VR will have on this. To me it seems like there is still too much of a disconnect between the player and the character they control. They see everything infront of them happening on a screen but it doesn't really feel like we are the characters doing those things yet. I feel like VR could change that drastically if instead of shooting small characters on a screen infront of you, you're shooting at life size charcters right in front of you and fully immersed into the game world. I think it's probably way to early in VR tech to tell right now but I've already heard gamers say certain sensations are way different in VR then looking at a screen. 
Are we still doing this? I thought the anti-violent-vidyagame crusaders finally gave up around the time Jack Thompson was disbarred. What use do these studies have at this point? There was never any evidence to indicate such a link existed in the first place.
Add it to the ever increasing pile of studies that have reached this same conclusion over the last three decades. Not that it will matter. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
There are peer-reviewed studies that show a reduction in empathy from those who played violent games.

There are two camps on this topic in psychology and they can both look at the same data and draw opposite conclusions. It's weird.
[removed]
They've obviously never seen my stepson play cuphead. 

Seriously though, if violent video games made us more violent, we'd be seeing a lot more violence, right? There has been no significant increase in violent behavior since violent games became a thing.
"We also only tested these theories on adults"

It's good to know that now, there's scientific evidence that shows that adults don't grow up to become violent adults. Thank you, science!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
humans have been violent since the dawn of time. same with many animals who happen to be mammals just like us. 

it's just simply nature and science. 

if we weren't already violent before video games, then how does one explain war throughout our existence?
This is confirmed every year by study after study.
Before video games existed, the blame for violence was put on comic books, in an old newspaper article from December 1, 1980  by Alexis S. Tan and Kermit Joseph Scruggs it states that

>Wolf and Friske report that habitual readers of superhero and action comic books are more often found among neurotic then among normal or psychotic children. They concluded, however, that neurosis was not cause by comic book reading, but was a characteristic that existed before the child became a comic book fan.

>However recent attention has been directed at television, and the issue of comic book violence and aggression in children has not been studying lately.

History is just being repeated.

[The article] (http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/107769908005700404?journalCode=jmqb)





People have a natural connection to violence. History tells us, that’s pretty much a constant. 
How many times does this study need to be made? I feel like I've seen this countless times now from different sources over multiple years.
What if I told you it can do the opposite. What if video games can keep us from becoming more violent?
There are 4 basic reasons to murder. Money, intense emotions, ideology and insanity. Blaming games, movies, guns, music, a political party, that's all just shifting the blame. 
I’ve been gaming for years so I can personally attest to this and I’ll kill anyone who disagrees.
Common sense could have told you this 
If anything, it's a good way to get the anger (and even other "emotions" like depression or anxiety) out of your system. 
From what I recall, people were most concerned about this back when kids and students were the ones playing most of the games. Now that there’s a large gamer market in their thirties, forties, and older, it doesn’t seem like a ‘weird’ new thing that’s messing up our children, it’s just another accepted form of entertainment.

It all kind of reminds me of the (possibly apocryphal) argument somebody or other made in the early 1960s that rock music was bad for fuel economy because it made you tap your foot on the gas pedal. 

It seems like one of the common threads through at least the last century or so of popular culture is the fear among the old that any new invention will corrupt the young, followed by the gradual acceptance that these fears were unfounded. The really dangerous stuff that actually hurt people (*eg* lead paint, smoking, over-prescription of pain pills, fast food, etc) usually seemed banal and relatively uncontroversial at the time it was causing the most harm. Hindsight is 20/20, I suppose.
Time to buy a copy of hatred and rejoice. 
But do games train players such that they have better combat skills? I think so. The battle games are realistic with respect to the operation of a huge range of guns and the mental skills involved in reconnaissance, selecting battlefield fire positions etc.

When martial arts teachers train pupils they also impart spiritual insights. Do gamers get the skills but not the education to avoid conflict?

Does the gamer demographic exhibit relatively more difficulty resolving emotional issues? Eg Are kids on the autism spectrum or with other issues more readily able to make friends online in games than outside the house? I suspect so.

Do gaming platforms and studios have a duty of care to ensure military training is accompanied by materials that support gamers who are struggling?

I founded an internet games service in 1996 (it was shutdown in ‘99) and over time (probably beginning with Columbine) my chairman and I shared the view that games were highly effective in preparing a teenager’s reactions and instincts for violence well before their frontal lobe had fully developed.

When redditors rage at me for raising this concern I think it actually proves something about males and how many of us struggle with anger and anything we feel threatened by.

Gaming should regulate itself so that it doesn’t get regulated by the government. And I think the guiding force can be the care studios and platforms have for their customers and the long term relationship they want.

Note - I am not a hardcore FPS gamers any more so I confess I am ignorant of the content in the latest games.
Oh please. The "games make people more violent" thing is so 2016. Now its all about the "games make boys more sexist and misogynist"


at times I find violent games actually help suppress my anger
This has been proven through tests serveral times already....
Do we know who funded this experiment?
LED lights found to kill coronavirus efficiently, quickly, and cheaply, a global first in fight against COVID-19. The finding suggests the UV-LEDs can be installed in air conditioning and water systems. It requires less than half a minute to destroy more than 99.9% of coronaviruses.

Adding UV treatment for tuberculosis was one of the reasons for introducing air conditioning in subways in NYC. Now they’re using UV-C to disinfect the cars from COVID too.
Just to share this, before people jump in on the UV bulbs and LEDs on Amazon for DIY HVAC retrofitting. UV light damages plastic parts in your AC system so think it through what parts will be exposed to UV light.

EDIT: thanks for all the up votes (wow 2800 in two hours!) but especially for those who contributed context in the comments below. 
While I cannot possibly highlights all the good contributions, I'd like to summarize a few points:

* AC air moves fast so it's important to have the UV light in the right place. Commercial HVAC systems have dedicated units in the right places for this sterilization. 

* UV light in the AC system will impact some virus that circulates through the system, but only if it is slow moving air to give it enough time to be exposed to UV-C light, and it does nothing to the air a sick person just spread around the room before it cycles via your AC. There is an air ionization option out there to disinfect air in the room, but not without [their own](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/kd67rx/-/gfvcryl) risks.

* Blacklight is a form of UV light (UV-A) and it's what a lot of LED strips are and are harmless both to humans and viruses. Here is a great [comment and thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/kd67rx/-/gfuzhwd) on different kinds of UV lights (UV-A/B/C)
UV disinfection is very common for quite some time, I use it for my main (off the grid) water supply: A 36W UV Lamp can disinfect up to 2,5m³ of water per hour: [https://www.purion.eu/fileadmin/user\_upload/pdf/English/data\_sheets/water/data-sheet-PURION-2500\_36W.pdf](https://www.purion.eu/fileadmin/user_upload/pdf/English/data_sheets/water/data-sheet-PURION-2500_36W.pdf) Also, it makes you blind almost instantly if you look at it and causes severe radiation damage to your skin, so please do not mess around with this stuff if you don't know what you're doing! (Edit: Typo Edit: Adjusted broken link)
We've known since the beginning of this mess that UV light inactivates the virus.  The real news here seems to be that the effective wavelength is within the realm of cheaper bulbs.  The industry has been indicating to use UV-C, but it seems UV-B is effective too (and cheaper).
So I'm currently working in this field and you cannot generate enough power through an LED system to disinfect a reasonable airflow rate of say 50 litres a second, this would only work with higher wattage bulbs of say 60W.

A 60W UVC bulb will be around £20 where as an 80mW LED is around £10.
"Less than half a minute" doesn't seem fast enough for air conditioning systems. Air likely wouldn't be in range of the lights for that long. My first impression is that air conditioning is not a good application for UV-LED.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
HVAC engineer here. This probably isn’t practical. Most settings you would use this for (say a section of a mall or hospital) would be moving (rough approximation) at least 10,000CFM (cubic feet per minute) across the unit coil or main ducts. Air volumes this large would expect the air to be moving up to 2000 feet per minute through the system (assuming VAV system. it may be a constant volume rooftop system that would have slightly lower air velocity, but still wouldn’t work for more reasons). So simple math- 2,000 FPM, needs 30 seconds of exposure, that leads to a 1,000ft run of UV light to reach that 99%. Yes, maybe shorter exposure time will still lead to at least some neutralization, but the lengths of light required would still be massive and probably beyond the length of the longest main duct runs of most systems. 

This doesn’t even take into account that hospitals require their HVAC systems to be 100% outside air (aka all air entering the AHU is from the outside, and all the air in the hospital gets exhausted back to the outside). (EDIT: as pointed out, this last sentence was not entirely true, there is some recirculation of air in certain rooms in hospitals. I’d still categorize a hospital in the same category as my next sentence however) Mass gathering areas in general (like a mall), require a significant percentage of fresh outside air as well.

Edit: and for in home applications, typically the air is moving in the 500-1000FPM range. Using the quick math above, still not practical
[removed]
[removed]
30 seconds in airflow is a long time.
HVAC engineer here, I specialize in medical buildings including hospitals and the issue we found back in March/April with UV is that the required exposure time is simply too great.  To my knowledge, nobody in our company has specified one for a COVID retrofit, nor has anyone explored it for new construction as a reaction to the pandemic.

UV sections for air handlers are huge, and require a lot of extra static pressure at the fan to overcome the added friction. This idea is basically DOA.

Putting them in ducts would require installing at the mains before any branches tap off, these ducts typically have air moving 1000-1800 feet per minute. That's 500-900 feet of duct that would be required to be lined with UV bulbs.  In the unlikely event you actually had that much available, the cost and disruption to install them would be a nightmare.

Worth noting that in a hospital (EDIT: in the US and anywhere else that follows ASHRAE), patient care areas require MERV 14 filtration which removes about 75% of particles 0.3-1.0 microns in diameter anyway, so there's really no reason to install such a huge and costly system for incremental improvement. Only worth it if you can improve to *total removal* of the virus.

HEPA filters are *practically* 100% effective at removing viruses and much easier to design to fit, so that remains the approach where we feel that level of air scrubbing is necessary.
[deleted]
[removed]
As long as all the surfaces with possible contamination are in line of site of the light. Undersides of door knobs and anything in a shadow from the lights will not get sanitized.
[This has been demonstrated in May, probably earlier.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7247491/)
How is this any different from the UV lights that hospitals and indoor gardens have used for decades that kill germs bacteria viruses blah blah blah?!
[removed]
Just remember this is for air filter systems, last thing we need is  people thinking a tanning session will kill the virus in their bodies.
[removed]
What will 285 nm light do to people?  Can this be used around human beings or will it give everybody skin cancer?
There are several makes with hepa-filtered, forced air that goes through a UV chamber.
Belgian health regulator already studied this proposition and currently disadvise the use of UV-C lamps in populated area as it can be dangerous and the efficacy against viruses is not well proven. But given new findings they may change their stance.

https://www.health.belgium.be/fr/covid-19-autorisations-temporaires#15
pretty much every HVAC tech was saying this 10 months ago...
HVAC professional here...what was not addressed in the article is how many LEDs you need for a given airflow. We already know UV-C is effective at sanitizing airstreams but typically requires significant power density in order to sanitize due to the limited duration that air is actually in a central ventilation system.
Half a minute of contact time is an eternity for your HVAC system. It moves air FAST.
Isn't Ultraviolet ionising? Would this be inside air vents and the such away from human skin?
[removed]
[removed]
Shouldn't this have been big news 8 months ago?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Wealthy, successful people from privileged backgrounds often misrepresent their origins as working-class in order to tell a ‘rags to riches’ story resulting from hard work and perseverance, rather than social position and intergenerational wealth.

[removed]
While not surprising, this is an interesting result when compared with resume studies that find that applicants are less likely to be contacted for an interview, if their resume has indicators of a working class upbringing.

For example, [Class Advantage, Commitment Penalty: The Gendered Effect of Social Class Signals in an Elite Labor Market](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0003122416668154)
[removed]
People tend to judge their wealth relative to those around them, and they also tend to overestimate others wealth.

That being said, if you look at a [visualization](https://www.quiverquant.com/sources/ceocompensation) of the highest paid CEOs, people who came from true poverty are pretty few and far between.
[removed]
[removed]
Yeah cause really poor folk (like me) don't want attention and I ain't about to tell everyone that my family was on food stamps growing up.
That’s my experience with wealthy techies. So many people from top tier universities talk about how “hard” it was growing up, and make it sound like landing that quarter-mil salary was some herculean uplifting from abject poverty. The right target questions will penetrate this often unrealized facade without them even noticing.

Ask questions like “what rank was your high school?”, or “what kind of SAT prep did you have to do?”, or “what extracurriculars were you in?” Asking about jobs they held in high school and college are also good ones. People tend to overlook how overwhelmingly their background is colored by their parents’ wealth, so asking “what” questions like this can cut through their own personal ego to excise the details of what their family could afford, which as we now know has *everything* to do with future earning potential. In tech it’s noticeable, as people from wealthy families can afford to take greater risks to reap greater rewards, because the floor is so much higher if they fail thanks to family wealth that one can fall back on.
[removed]
I think a significant amount of people here are misunderstanding the study. It does not show that they lie about their privileged upbringing, but their 'origin stories' extend beyond their own life, spanning multiple generations.

> We find that the main source of such misidentification is elaborate ‘origin stories’ that these interviewees tell when asked about their class backgrounds. **These accounts tend to downplay important aspects of their own, privileged, upbringings and instead emphasise affinities to working-class extended family histories.**
> 
> Our findings indicate that this misidentification is rooted in a self-understanding built on particular ‘origin stories’ which act to downplay interviewees’ own, fairly privileged, upbringings and **instead forge affinities to working-class extended family histories**. Yet while this ‘intergenerational self’ partially reflects the lived experience of multigenerational upward mobility, it also acts – we argue – as a means of deflecting and obscuring class privilege

So their origin story goes back to their parent's working class upbringings, and that is how they see their construct their own origin story. "My grandparents were working class farmers, but with grit we have overcome these limitations and made success for ourselves" is the way they frame it, not "When I was born my family was privileged".
Seems like most people didn’t read the article. It’s pretty much entirely about how 36/90 middle class people perceive themselves as being brought up working class. In addition, 24/36 of the subjects worked in television/acting which may have a significant affect on how they act. There is also the fact that this was conducted in the UK, which has similar but different social norms compared to the US where many people seem to be applying this. The fact stands that the majority of the people surveyed did not misinterpret their class origins. I’d be interested to see a study done on a larger scale in a city like Chicago or Austin
[removed]
This study seems to be more middle class folks acting as if from working class folks, and not the rich folks acting like they are from middle class as a lot of the comments assume based on the title.
It’s funny because in Japan, and most likely East Asia, it’s the complete opposite. You want to show off your wealth and how smooth and elegant and effortless your efforts are, even when you put a lot of effort into them
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'm curious how this study would do in other countries. Would the result vary per culture?
I've come to the conclusion that this is why the media and wealthy class hold up actual tags to riches stories as much as they do. 

They need the people to think they're always one good idea away from being millionaires, when in reality the number of average folks who become wealthy overnight or over time is depressingly small. 

You probably have a better chance at winning the lottery than you do of becoming a wealthy influencer or streamer, or becoming a successful band, or trading GME stocks till you're rich, or making an app or video game that makes it big, or whatever naive dreams people have these days. 

You want a million bucks? Stop dreaming and get a degree, move to a city with decent pay, get a well paying job and save up. By the time you retire you'll probably have a million bucks or more. But for the vast, vast majority of us, it ain't happening until then if ever.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
The word “often” in the header is concerning. Umbrellas an entire group of individuals as liars for emotional gain. Casting a wide net there.
The specifics of this study are that they interviewed 176 people in professional and managerial roles, 36 of which had "middle-class" upbringings but "but identify as working class or long-range upwardly mobile."

>Yet while this ‘intergenerational self’ partially reflects the lived experience of multigenerational upward mobility, it also acts – we argue – as a means of deflecting and obscuring class privilege. By positioning themselves as ascending from humble origins, we show how these interviewees are able to tell an upward story of career success ‘against the odds’ that simultaneously casts their progression as unusually meritocratically legitimate while erasing the structural privileges that have shaped key moments in their trajectory.

The reasoning behind why this is done is imposed entirely by the author. There is an incredible amount of editorializing both in the abstract and the title.
People will deny anything if to not deny it will make them vulnerable to collective social demonization, sanctioned bias, or group punishment.
It makes a lot of sense. Rich parents tend to make rich kids, but nobody likes a rich kid so they manufacture a “I pulled myself up by my ~~Prada~~ bootstraps!” story.
Does it happen the opposite way also. Does someone from a poor family but has both parents and no abuse ( drug or physical) in the house believe they were privileged.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This title is wildly misleading.

1. The crux of the article is about people in the middle classes providing an origin story (inter-generational) of working class roots.
2. Its very specific to the British and states as much noting that in most of Western Europe and the US the phenomenon isn't observed  (presumably as much).
3. It has nothing to do with the "Wealthy".

Curious to know where the title came from, was it the original title that was then subsequently changed by the publication? - if not it seems to be breaking rule #3. It'd be like if my comment was: This title is misrepresenting itself in order to exacerbate class conflict and generate free interweb awards. The amount of cross posts tho make me think this was a clickbait original title, that rapidly amended itself once it cross-polinated enough. Well played sagepub...
[removed]
I see this pretty regularly in the tech industry. I usually nod and say "yeah I had my power shut off for a while and had to make some calls on bills vs. food a few times". It usually shuts them up pretty quick. Privilege is hard to identify when you've been in bubble after bubble to get where you are in life.

Hospitality taught me all the skills I carry over to my current role aside from learning software. I'm grateful for my experience even if it meant that there were a lot of breakdown days spent in tears. It kept me driven to rise out of the state I was in and learn a lot of skills valued by emoloyers.
I agree, especially since many people living in western european and America are in the top 1%, yet it's never 'enough' and always want more and more and only compare themselves to millionaires yet 43.6% of the population living on less than $5.50 a day can't even begin to imagine the wealth of a normal American and european.

https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty/overview#:~:text=The%20global%20extreme%20poverty%20rate,less%20than%20%241.90%20a%20day.
New study finds that most redditors don’t actually read the articles they vote on.

*According to a paper published in IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems by researchers at The University of Notre Dame, some 73 percent of posts on Reddit are voted on by users that haven’t actually clicked through to view the content being rated.*

Hopefully this information allows 3 out of 4 people to not have to read through the article.
This reminds me of the “conveyer belt” theory of reddit. That content that is instantly recognizable as either something someone agrees with on its face via a headline or title or a repost someone has already seen are the most upvoted content on reddit. Content that requires more careful consideration or to be read is stuff that never really gets traction on reddit. I think it’s sort of daft to think reddit is somehow above people who are headline parrots. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I actually wrote an opinion article about this. People will vote on, like things, without getting invested into it and it leads to a culture of armchair activism. In other words, more talk less action.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Maybe an unpopular opinion: this doesn't sound like a great study.

Small sample size that self-selected into the study. (Participants had to install a browser extension to track their voting habits.)

I know there's services via Pardot and Mailchimp that track whether people click on a link or not. Could it be possible to just repost old content but run the traffic that clicks the URL through some marketing software?

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
[removed]
Welcome to /r/science!

You may see more removed comments in this thread than you are used to seeing elsewhere on reddit. On /r/science we have strict comment rules designed to keep the discussion on topic and about the posted study and related research. This means that comments that attempt to confirm/deny the research with personal anecdotes, jokes, memes, or other off-topic or low-effort comments are likely to be removed.

Because it can be frustrating to type out a comment only to have it removed or to come to a thread looking for discussion and see lots of removed comments, please take time to review our comment rules before posting.

If you're looking for a place to have a more relaxed discussion of science-related breakthroughs and news, check out our sister subreddit /r/EverythingScience.

Below is the abstract from the paper to help foster discussion. N.B., the full paper is available to read [here](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8026184/?reload=true) for those with access:

______________________________________
 **Abstract:**
As crowd-sourced curation of news and information become the norm, it is important to understand not only how individuals consume information through social news Web sites, but also how they contribute to their ranking systems. In this paper, we introduce and make available a new data set containing the activity logs that recorded all activity for 309 Reddit users for one year. Using this newly collected data, we present findings that highlight the browsing and voting behavior of the study’s participants. We find that most users do not read the article that they vote on, and that, in total, 73% of posts were rated (i.e., upvoted or downvoted) without first viewing the content. We also show the evidence of cognitive fatigue in the browsing sessions of users that are most likely to vote.

[removed]
[removed]
It's kind of bizarre that in the comments some people are defending the practice by stating that "to be fair, the article is oft summarized in the comments."

...and how do you know that summary is true & correct?  ...QED
It would also be interesting (albeit harder) to study the rate of

- upvoting/downvoting comments without reading the whole comment

- commenting on a post without first viewing it
[removed]
[removed]
> Calls for study participants were then put out via postings on certain subreddits. (Weninger and his team note studying self-selecting pools of users is in itself problematic, but to ask these sorts of questions there wasn’t much of a way around it.)

Couldn't they simply coordinate with various online newspapers, to gain page-load data coming from a reddit site, then correlate that with the number of votes on those articles?  Seems like it would erase a huge amount of bias from the study and simultaneously give a much larger study pool.
[removed]
I generally only click on the link if it interests me. Then again I also generally try to avoid voting if I don't know. The exception is some TILs. Some facts are too fun for me to ruin with a validity check (I know, it's dumb).

That being said the data in this article doesn't seem entirely complete but still feasible. I hope they do this again with a larger sample size.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
If Reddit had an option that let me say "I read this already" instead I'd totally use that. I read the TL;DR in the comments, and then read actual articles that I need more info on or that I'm interested in.

But since there's no option, I started upvoting to not read the same headline over and over again...and no, I don't want an app on my phone. I rarely use Reddit on my phone.
Do these statistics take into account lots of Images and GIFs that can be seen and reasonably voted on without having clicked through?
It would've been funny if the linked article had nothing to do with the title of the post
Ill bet money that the majority of votes are by bots and not people. Reddit is no longer becoming Digg it is Digg. The front page is bought and paid for every day, the owners and mods don't care because it follows their political views 
Just like I am doing right now! Haha
Didn't read it but sounds about right.
Observation: posting about this topic is a really effective way to get upvotes.
Surprised to see if the vote counts would change votes.
Casual sex among young adults has declined due to decline in drinking, an increase in computer gaming, and more young adults living with their parents.

Welcome to r/science! This is a heavily moderated subreddit in order to keep the discussion on science. However, we recognize that many people want to discuss how they feel the research relates to their own personal lives, so to give people a space to do that, **personal anecdotes are now allowed as responses to this comment**. Any anecdotal comments elsewhere in the discussion will continue be removed and our [normal comment rules]( https://www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/rules#wiki_comment_rules) still apply to other comments.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/science) if you have any questions or concerns.*
“The authors use data from 2007 through 2017”
In case anyone was thinking pandemic.
The above reasons have also contributed to a lack of sex between the young adults’ parents.
I have deeper conversations with the villagers on animal crossing than some of the people I’ve met through online dating.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
I'm convinced that studies like this are designed to make someone like me feel less miserable at their current existence
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
How do young adults even date outside of highschool/college? For the longest time I couldn't even afford to go out and do anything where people met up, and online dating has never netted anything more than a few exchanges of hellos. Games became the affordable alternative and only reason I wasn't depressed beyond belief during the god awful stress college gives.
I feel like most of the articles and studies about the problems recent generations are having can just be summed up with "\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ? In this economy?"
[removed]
I too would like to know how to get our of this situation. Living alone, but who wants to live with a girl like me too tired from working to try and pay off student debt in time to retire. Dating sounds exhausting... I can't afford anything for the next ~20 years due to being yelled at to go to a college for an overpriced degree that made life dysfunctional.
Im pretty sure more young adults live with their parents because prices of any living space are  unreasonably high.
Sounds depressing af... And relatable.
Among young men, declines in drinking frequency, an increase in computer gaming, and the **growing percentage who coreside with their parents all contribute significantly to the decline in casual sex**. 

The authors find **no evidence that trends in young adults’ economic circumstances**, internet use, or television watching explain the recent decline in casual sexual activity.


Are they thinking that people are living with their parents as a first choice?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
We're all getting fucked in a different way
My tolerance for alcohol is higher and i have more disposable cash than I did when I was 18.
At 18, I lived with my parents and my sister, now I live alone.
I used spend lots of timing playing computer games, during the last 12 months I think I have done about 20 hours of game play. 

I'm 36, and having just as much casual sex as I did when I was 18. None.
[removed]
Why are so many comments deleted?
No wonder there are so many sex questions on Reddit. Younger folks aren’t having it, and this don’t know about it.
[removed]
Spent 2 years living alone, got back home due to home working and thus the will to save some money

Living with my parents is the number 2 reason I don’t get laid. 

Reason number 1 is that I’m a moron, but still number 2 is still number 2
[removed]
I also think the age of social media has a lot to do with it as well. Unrealistic relationship standards as well as the fear of rejection amplified by someone sharing this rejection with the world makes it difficult to reach out for casual sex.
Oh no we’re nothing but a bunch of losers :(
[removed]
[removed]
Gaming is also one of the cheapest activities for youth. Want to go to a trampoline park for an hour? 20 bucks. Want to eat out? 20 bucks. Want to see a movie? 30 bucks. Want a game that you will play for 200+ hours? 50 bucks. 

Seems like a no-brainer
>sexually inactive men ages 18 to 24 increased from 18.9 percent in 2000–2002 to 30.9 percent in 2016–2018
>the percentage of sexually inactive young women increased from 15.1 percent to 19.1 percent over the same period

Since I doubt same-sex relationships increased dramatically in one year, how is it possible those two numbers changed so differently?  Males not having sex increased 63.4% and females only 26.4% (???).
From studying architecture, I learned that in Victorian culture it was normal to rent a room to a 20 something single relative or family associate in upper class circles.  It allowed young men to have the advantages of a home, and save for their marriage.  Perhaps we would do well to shift our thinking to realize that living “alone” may not be the best path to push people into.
Step up your game and move into your girlfriend's parents house like I did.
The authors didn't consider my pet theory *rising obesity*, which impacts both appearance and hormones.

EDITx3: 

The obese self report fewer partners: https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2458-6-199

The obese date less: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1043463106060153 https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1038/oby.2002.53

Obese women are less likely to get married or enter into cohabitation: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs11150-007-9025-y

Sexual dysfunction and infertility: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1038/oby.2012.104 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4456969/

Cognitive impairment: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4237034/ (/u/TheMayoNight)

There are many demonstrated causal mechanisms.
[removed]
[removed]
These two statements seem to contradict each other:
>  [...] and the growing percentage who coreside with their parents all contribute significantly to the decline in casual sex. 

and the very next sentence:

> The authors find no evidence that trends in young adults’ economic circumstances [...]

Unless they think that young adults living with their parents is totally unrelated to their economic situation? Which I find hard to believe.
Didn’t some tinder analytics show that basically the top ten percent of men are competing for 80 percent of women
Don't want your kids to have pre marital sex? Just buy them a computer, $200 steam card, and a mini fridge for your basement!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Gen X and Boomers are the #1 birth control agents!  Good job generation that had lot's of it (sex), while on drugs then made them illegal, and hold all assets while not leaving workforce.
I am so glad for this title. Imagine if it had said "Casual sex is on the increase as more people live with their parents"...
[removed]
In other words young adults live miserable pathetic lives
[removed]
[removed]
I would have thought that the rise of dating apps would have increased the amount of casual sex. I wouldnt have expected this outcome at all.
Oh don’t forget insecurities, body issues and declining mental health.
[deleted]
Young adults don’t choose to live with their parents. They just know they can’t afford a home of their own. 

In 20 years the US birth rate will be through the floor. Nobody will bring a child into this world knowing how much they would all struggle.
[removed]
[removed]
‘How Gen Z is Killing the Sex Industry’
I think it's important to specify that this study has a very large outsized impact on young men. One of the reference sources the study cites, [Trends in Frequency of Sexual Activity and Number of Sexual Partners Among Adults Aged 18 to 44 Years in the US, 2000-2018](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32530470/) and this is what their data showed;

>Between 2000-2002 and 2016-2018, the proportion of 18 to 24 year-old individuals who reported having had no sexual activity in the past year increased among men [18.9% to 30.9%: age odds-ratio (aOR) 1.20x to 1] but not among women [15.1% to 19.1%: aOR 1.03x to 1].

>Smaller absolute increases in sexual inactivity were observed among those aged 25 to 34 years for both men [7.0% to 14.1%: aOR 1.23x to 1] and women [7.0% to 12.6%: aOR 1.17x to 1] but not among those aged 35 to 44 years. 

Given these results, it would seem to me the following;

1. Both men and women are delaying commitment into their mid-30s.

2. Men ages 25-34 are dating downward in age. 

3. Women ages 18-24 are dating upward in age.

4. Men ages 18-24 are getting left behind.

5. Successful men in the 18-34 age range are getting the disproportionate amount of sex.
[deleted]
[removed]
Sounds like a headline from 2050
I'm less inclined to even bother when I'm unemployed and living with my parents. People are harsh and tend to have high expectations, even when they know that things are bad for everyone right now. 

So why bother? World of warcraft is great anyways.
Also online dating has made it harder for regular joes
Well when you’re getting PWNed by 6-year olds on Fortnite, smoking reefer and getting cockblocked by your parents, who needs sex anyways? You’re getting f*cked anyways
Hey look, we are becoming japan/Korea/China.
In unrelated news, simping is up 9000%
[removed]
cant help but feel like the current economic decline is linked to the desire for older generations to control everything, if you don't conform to their ways of thinking and life you'll have to move out and then you wont be procreating due to poverty.
[removed]
[removed]
haven't had sex for the entirety of my 20s 

doing great
[removed]
Bro we’re miserable, broke, and in debt. Sex is the last thing on my god damn mind.
But, ass eating is at an all time high.
Yes, computer gaming and sex are always inversely related.
The social systems of yesterday existed because they were affordable to the masses. The reoccuring sentiment here is "I don't have enough money to go out an have fun." This mentality is like an echo chamber for the younger generations. So as they grow up knowing that owing a house is outside their prospective future - where I live anyways - it funnels into the complex and developing psychology of a teen as well. Making drinking an unappealing social behaviour if there is no further future benefits for it.

Aka goal setting has much different standards 2 decades ago vastly than today. Therefore if there is less to work towards, or uncertainty, then motivation to Excell in multiple areas dwindles. Pair this with the massive influx of gamer culture that's penetrated mainstream culture norms. This isolated entertainment approach - though once an outlet and gathering spot for more reclusive people - has now become the trending spot of larger social interaction. Thus face to face interactions are starting to parallel Japanese society which greatly suffers from peer to peer interaction in favor of fiction digital social interactions. 

Pair all of this with streaming and influencer culture, and you have a cultural take of goal setting that doesn't parallel most decades of the past. There also isn't as much emphasis for younger generations to perseu careers as doctors, engineers, scientists etc. Not saying there isn't any at all, but there is a shift on what it means to "make it" in younger generation mentality.
Suddenly I don't feel so bad about my situation! 27 y/o. Not a gamer but I don't drink so I don't go out to bars, and currently living at home trying to get financially steady enough to get my own house. It's just too weird bringing strangers home so it's easier to avoid it.
But I was told that this is "hookup" culture, and that my generation doesn't care about genuine connection anymore?
I know I don’t speak for everyone, but if I could afford to not live with my parent in a house my grandfather fully paid off by his early 40s I would. The numbers just don’t add up. Working a full time minimum wage job (32 hours a week (thanks California :/)) I bring home around $600-650 every 2 weeks. The cheapest “low income” housing where I’m living costs $750 every month. Unfortunately (again thanks California) there is a rule in place that anyone who wants to rent a place has to make DOUBLE the asking rent, so instead of only needing to pay the $750 per month I need to make a total of $1,500 per month. Unfortunately ~$1,200 is less than $1,500 so I literally cannot afford to rent the cheapest apartment available. Sorry for the rant/vent but every time I see articles like this I can’t help but think of how tone deaf they are.
Who knew that older christian conservatives tanking the economy would lead to accidental abstinence. Dang, didn't see that coming.
My moms co-worker is 44 and lives with his parents. His parents are amazing, he loved them dearly and it’s a great relationship. I have a similar relationship with my parents. I have no friends, and most of my family is dead, or overseas so my parents are all I have left. Literally if my parents died, I would have no one left in the family with my last name, and I’d have 0 contacts in my phone. There’s no reason for me to move out. My dads getting to the age and health where he needs help with labor tasks, like mowing the lawn, shoveling snow and so on, and my mom relies on my education with technology, as well as my equipment to advance her farther in her workplace. 

3 years ago my mom never shot a gun and moved jobs because of the violence at her workplace, last year I helped her get a CPL and now she’s armed and secured at work, as well as every other place she goes. We help each other out and my mom said I need 1 of 3 things to stay here, a job, an education, or to help out around the house. Sounds like a pretty good deal. Even if I was rich, I still wouldn’t move out. Like I said, I literally have no one. My cousin moved out and spent every single day at my house because he was lonely until he eventually got married and moved away.
Republicans: GET A JOB

Millennials: i have 3 and still can’t afford rent
My husband was a 50yr old divorced father of 4 living with his mom when I met him. Best man I have ever known. When you take the time to get to know someone, well those things don't matter so much. Stop judging yourself by boomer standards. You have been screwed over at ever at corner economically unless you were born into a stable wealthy family. Most of you weren't.  So don't beat yourself up. USA economics is all about the 1% and people are reacting accordingly. Increase use of birth control, more information avalible with access to the internet, increase in acceptance of masterbation and increase of material to that end. Plan B. This is a good thing.
Wait you guys are having sex?
Yep. Can’t do the bang bang when living with parents.
So how's the teen pregnancy numbers doing?
Alcohol and rent are *expensive*. Not to mention being expected as a guy to shoulder gas and meals for dates.
Are Millennials RUINING the Alcohol and Sex Industries?
