Reddit bans subreddit group "r/DonaldTrump"

Only because Reddit is being mentioned by politicians.
So they will move to r/TheDon or r/therealdonaldjtrump

Whack a mole
How about enabling users to block shitty subreddits they don’t want to see in /popular?
Meanwhile, Twitter would like to remind its users that advocating for a violent insurrection that results in security breaches, injuries, and deaths will result in a temporary ban of half an hour starting at 3 AM on a Saturday, although this time is subject to change (subject to if Twitter can find a time where Twitter usage is even lower).
The weirdest thing is that when a subreddit gets banned, the admins usually go out of their way to get all similar ones gone too. /r/chapotraphouse2 was banned after CTH. I remember when /r/whalewatching was banned on accident after /r/fatpeoplehate

so with that in mind, how the fuck was /r/donaldtrump able to stay up after banning /r/the_donald lmao they're literally like the exact same thing
Lol nothing to congratulate reddit on. Just trying to save their own ass.
[deleted]
Can't wait to get downvoted to an oblivion for this, but its an honest question..... how come they did that?
[removed]
Reddit is a social media company with the goal of making money, they have done the math and determined that removing the Donal Trump sub would better attain that goal. This is how capitalism works, if you don't like that the Trump sub was removed then don't use Reddit (this is also how capitalism works in a free society). This is not a 1st amendment issue, Reddit has no obligation to your first amendment rights, it's purely a business decision; Trump is now a pariah and Reddit distancing themselves from it has more upsides than down.
Ban r/conspiracy too. Why the fuck that sub is a ***DEFAULT*** sub is beyond all reason. It's a gateway to the radical right and extremism. People come to talk about Area 51 and leave convinced that Democrats torture children to death to drink their adrenal gland juices.
Don’t ban it. Just force it to be public and anyone can comment.
from r/conservative  
  
"It’s about time they banned r/politics for being one of the most anti-free speech and discriminatory communities in reddit"  
  
where pretty much every post set to "flaired users only"  
  
---  
  
Edit - This really should not be taken as an opinion. This is mostly just an observation that I thought was amusing. The reason for this is probably much deeper than forcing it to be an echo chamber, partially due to also being brigaded by other subs.  
  
I am not going to even attempt to explain my political views in text because its more complicated than that. Talking in person calmly with people while having an open mind is always the best way.  
  
happy 2021 everyone.
Reddit has only 400 employees. Imagine the unprecedented power they have over the very way we communicate, share things, interact.
Well these terrorists planning to overthrow the US government on their platform wasn't exactly the best look
I guess his MySpace page is about to go nuclear!
which lefty sub got banned this time because both sides?
Banned twice.
Biased much
Trolling the Donald Trump subreddit for the past few months has been my way of blowing off steam during quarantine, albeit maybe a slightly unhealthy one. The things I saw people say and post on there.... it was a hate group. I’m relieved it’s gone. In the days after the riot I saw a mix of some sensible people decrying the event, but so many deniers trying to disassociate themselves and Trump from the realities unfolding. Mental illness is incredibly normalized in our society, and I believe that sub reddit was a gathering place for people who didn’t understand just how ill they were.
Day late and a dollar short
This seems fucked to me, why can’t there be a forum for discussion of trump?
[removed]
is it just me or half of the articles I see on this sub is just about right wing politicians or groups being banned or restricted on social media

&#x200B;

edit: emphasis is not on who is getting banned but the fact that r/technology is full of uninteresting, unrelated political articles not related to actual technology
Like him or not this is crazy censorship and should not be happening ....
Sooooo.. basically he’s almost out of office and now Reddit wants to take a stand?  Yeah, F off.  Reddit loved the ad dollars it made off all the Trump content, good and bad.  If they gave a crap they would have silenced the Trump corners of Reddit a long time ago.  Going off topic but:  Twitter suspended his account and never once pulled the plug on him - again, it’s all about the dollars his insanity brings in.
Even if you despise him, doesn’t that seem like extreme censorship. Guys this is scary and really shouldn’t be applauded. Imagine if the tables were turned and people like AOC or Bernie were not allowed to be discussed. This is not right, I’m scared for our future if such censoring will become the norm.
That subreddit was such cancer. I hold both right and left wing views (but mostly right), and when I expressed literally anything left wing that is actually good (healthcare, for example) I got downvoted and was given the "Special Snowflake" user flair right away.
Its nice now, but where was all the action back during the FIRST signs of this madness? 

Politicians don't act until their lives are directly threatened; corporations don't act until their names are mentioned.

Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, and the majority of politicians... they're all the same.
Just like every other company, this is an empty gesture. They waited until the last minute to do something when it was safe.

Reddit is run by a bunch of cowards.
I hate censorship. These people need to be seen publicly. Not hiding away.
I thought censorship was bad?
Silencing people you don’t agree with. Hmmmm. Where have I seen this before🤔
if you put together in a room the leadership at facebook reddit , twitter and lidsay graham and a sea cucumber in a different room, both rooms would have the same amount of spine. Literally didn't give a fuck for 4 years, now when he's gone anyways they are doing it.
2 weeks to go and NOW everyone has a problem
You can sink the ship, but the rats always find a way onto another
[deleted]
They didnt give a shit until the deaths
[lets see what trump has to say about this](https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump?lang=en)
Trump’s Twitter just got permanently suspended.
Reddit. Always late to the party.
I don't go on Facebook anymore because I've learned to hate people I actually really liked, you get poltical opinions shoved down your throat, because those political opinions are fed to them through the platform.

Twitter IMO is just a giant troll fest, drop a one liner and walk away. I'd find it useful for business status updates, and nothing else.

Reddit although has massive trolls(I'm somewhat of a shit poster myself), they are typically in subs that you simply don't see, because you aren't interested in them. I have a select few subs I go to, and never get politics shoved down my throat unless I want it.

Reddit is baller.
glad they decided to wait so long to do anything about people radicalizing terrorists. the damage has already been done. wonder how long until /r/conservative gets the same treatment.
Bye 👋 reddit
Don't worry guys r/incest where users talk about grooming and fucking their daughters/sons, and nieces is still around, and r/blacktwitterpics where you have to prove your blackness in order to make posts is also still fine and dandy.
Reddits banning and censorship policy is the most self-serving bullshit but I guess you gotta take the small wins.
They’ll just post in the echo chamber known as r/conservative
/r/fuckfacevonclownstick lives on!

*Checkmate libs!* /s
Are we going full China censorship now?
I mean I hate those but other opinions need to exisit
[removed]
lmao everyone suddenly finding a spine at the last possible moment, over four years later
Hot take, all subbreddits designed behind circle jerking false or misleading info on a candidate or elected official should be stopped or regulated in some way, even if by moderates, not saying Reddit should step in. Whether it is r/BernieSanders, r/ourpressident, r/conservatives, r/politics(it is 90% biased to dems be real), r/AOC and so on. Look I am not against fans of the people. But the amount of just false info or purposefully misleading info I see on the front page alone on these subreddits is absolutely insane. And I guarantee fans of these reedits will claim their subreddit doesn't do this. IT DOES. As an active fan of r/yangforpresidenthq the amount of circle jerking is insane. They are small so the misleading isn't rampant like r/politics, but one day if it grows it will get there. 

Sadly Reddit is extremely Democratic and it artificially creates more democratic circle jerking and bias. And redditors act like it is because dems are always right. Reality is the country is nearly split in 1/2 and reddit is more like 10/90 which is very unhealthy. Honestly there needs to be some way to moderate in more conservative takes and in a fair way. Because they do have a point many times. Hell I got banned from r/ourpresident for disagreeing a wealth tax(which there are legit concerns that people are not allowed to discuss on reddit in fear of bans). Legit I didn't even say bad words or anything hating Bernie who ironically is not our president. They just refuse outside info. 

To be clear as I said I am an Andrew Yang fan, I am by no means republican. My favorite presidents vary from dem to republican. And personally I identify as Independent. Personally I view picking sides as pure stupidity. No offense to you who do. (I say all this before the comment hating me for being a rep, even though I'm not)

To further my point I just got banned on r/politics for this exact comment copy pasted below. Apparently it is hate speech you read yourself. It was on banning the electoral college. I did 0 editing here and on comment and also had an upvote, 1, but still someone agreed with me I was not negative just mods disagree with me and want to circle jerk. yes Environments is spelled wrong, like I said no editing. 

 "I actually disagree with this. The electoral college is the only way the smaller farmer or rural districts can get any representation in the executive branch. Which would mean democrats will basically always control the executive branch. To me this is a big step in a way to reduce fairness in elections. Even the founding fathers knew this and put the electoral college in place to protect against this, and also to outweigh the poor, which is sad, but it does genuinely protect those in rural enviorments."
Congress has set out a bill to stop the FCC taking away our internet. PLEASE SPREAD THIS AS MUCH AS YOU CAN.

There's actually a way to force the Senate to vote on saving net neutrality. It's called the Congressional Review Act. Under this law, Congress can block any agency decision by passing a resolution of disapproval in both chambers. This resolution cannot be filibustered in the Senate and only 30 senators need to sign a petition to force a vote.

Ed Markey has already said he'll introduce a CRA resolution: https://twitter.com/ACLU_Mass/status/940251501695590405

Susan Collins supports net neutrality. If Doug Jones wins tomorrow, that would mean only one other Republican senator would need to flip for the bill to pass the Senate. So... if you live in Alabama and care about net neutrality, you should definitely vote.  

Edit: To clarify though, Trump could still veto the resolution and it would also have to pass the House. But this is a way to force every senator to take a position on this issue before next year's midterm elections. And who knows what will happen if it builds enough momentum. Elected politicians are a lot more responsive to public opinion than FCC commissioners are.  

The CRA was actually passed by Newt Gingrich and the Republicans in the 1990s to make it easier to kill regulations. But it applies as much to an agency decision to repeal a regulation as it does to enact one. It sure would be deliciously ironic to use the CRA to save net neutrality. If you're curious about the CRA, you can read more here: https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R43992.pdf
[deleted]
Build your local meshnet! We need a backup.
Can someone please ELI5 exactly what this bill is going to do?
So if I were to call my Congress men and ask them to support this, would that help? 
Hopefully this stems the tide a little. Until the next time these guys find a way to threaten the internet again with slow lanes and shenanigans like siphoning every packet on the backbone into a mainframe for "security". Threatening our Net Neutrality is the same as threatening global democratic sovereignty. Other nations need to stand against this and speak ill of those in positions of power within the USA who keep pushing this agenda for their own twisted and corrupt vision.
My congressman, Paul Tonko, is on the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, where the bill referred. He is a champion for net neutrality, so we have at least one friend in the second step of the process. 
Is there a way to not have to KEEEEEEEEEP fighting for it.  It's never ending, there's gotta be a way to make the thing stick.
[deleted]
I woulds say wait until the text for the bill is released. Voting on something that is unknown is a bad idea and politicians have a bad  history of using counter intuitive bill names and pitches. (or if the whole bill is out, where is it?) 
I don't live in NY but I'd like to vote for Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney if I could.
People of Alabama, you owe the rest of the world a vote for net neutrality tomorrow. Please. don't let democracy die because of your position on abortion. There are much bigger things at stake here. 
In my country telephony companies are eagerly awaiting for the fall of internet neutrality in USA to begin pressing my local government to do the same.

This is a worldwide issue. This action would spread around the world hastily and become irreversible.

I'm a simple man, I see someone shitting on the fcc, I upvote
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)

**Write the FCC members directly here (Fill their inbox)**

Name|Email|Twitter|Title|Party
:--|:--|:--|:--|:--
Ajit Pai|Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov|[@AjitPaiFCC](https://twitter.com/ajitpaifcc)|Chairman|R
Michael O'Rielly|Mike.ORielly@fcc.gov|[@MikeOFCC](https://twitter.com/mikeofcc)|Commissioner|R
Brendan Carr|Brendan.Carr@fcc.gov|[@BrendanCarrFCC](https://twitter.com/brendancarrfcc)|Commissioner|R
Mignon Clyburn|Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov|[@MClyburnFCC](https://twitter.com/mclyburnfcc)|Commissioner|D
Jessica Rosenworcel|Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov|[@JRosenworcel](https://twitter.com/JRosenworcel)|Commissioner|D


[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)

Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)

Add a comment to the repeal [here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC) (and [here's](http://www.gofccyourself.com) an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver)

[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps

[Whitehouse.gov petition here](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)

You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:

* https://www.eff.org/
* https://www.aclu.org/
* https://www.freepress.net/
* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/
* https://www.publicknowledge.org/
* https://www.demandprogress.org/

[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)

[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.

[International Petition here](https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home)

Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties as it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.

	 
	 
-/u/NetNeutralityBot
	 
	 

As a republican I've never been more proud of democrats.. please do whatever you can to stop this madness.  Net Neutrality must remain.
The bill to which the OP links is: H.R.4585 - To prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from relying on the **Notice of Proposed Rulemaking** in the matter of **restoring internet freedom** to adopt, amend, revoke, or otherwise modify any rule of the Commission.

Here is the ["Restoring Internet Freedom Notice of Proposed Rulemaking"](https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/FCC-17-60A1.pdf) that this bill is trying to prevent.

A [Notice of Proposed Rulemaking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notice_of_proposed_rulemaking) is a public notice issued by law when one of the independent agencies of the United States government wishes to add, remove, or change a rule or regulation as part of the rulemaking process.

Check [here for more document formats and official comments on the notice by Pai, Clyburn, and O'Rielly](https://www.fcc.gov/document/restoring-internet-freedom-notice-proposed-rulemaking).

Check here for [comments by Ajit Pai](https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/FCC-17-60A2.pdf), which include such content as:
> "Today’s Notice is the start of a new chapter in the public discussion about how we can best
maintain a free and open Internet while making sure that ISPs have strong incentives to bring nextgeneration
networks and services to all Americans."

and
> Over the next 90
days, the **American public will then have a chance to share its views on (these proposals)**.
And in the time to come,
**the FCC will follow the facts and the law where they take us.**
...
This time, as we make our
decisions, we will have our expert staff carefully review the evidence on investment and other variables.
**We will rely not on hyperbolic statements about “the end of the Internet as we know it” and 140-character
commentary, but on the data.**

So I've always been lost on net neutrality. I'm guessing this is a good bill? I'm at the point where I don't know who should be stopped I just know I want my internet not to be fucking any slower.
It would be a very bad idea for trump to veto the bill. He pretty much guarantees a big loss for the Republicans in 2018.
They want to get rid of it because free knowledge and open speach really done show on Internet and it is making people for the first time in history informed. And we are fucked for it.. Poeple have started to vote in different ways, protest against things they should not know about. And worst thing is they can't tax it... If they own rights to aspects they can charge for knowledge and posting. 
This thread is awesome. 

So many comments supporting putting all power in the ISPs hands and speaking in a tone that it's the American way. Love it. I know Verizon.... Comcast....have earned so many peoples respect and compassion. They truly are corporations for the people. I can't wait for them to do nothing but good for the Internet as they see it. They will surely not take advantage of dissolved regulations. It's all about innovation, and the man has been keeping those poor little ISPs down. 

Lobbying ISPs are of no concern either, they are just paying our spent money back to government servants to persuade them into freeing the internet, so those freedom fighter ISPs can make it better for us. They only have the betterment of us in mind, surely.

In all seriousness, our government has been taken. And by who? Corporations like Comcast. Let's just skip a step and put the power directly in their hands. Soon we will vote for brands instead of people to lead. 

Maybe we should start stripping other regulations as well? Like if someone cuts someone else off in traffic, or just does something to irritate another driver, said driver should be able to run the aforementioned off the road, hopefully killing them. Thus improving traffic, as there will be less drivers. That's Innovation!....right?! Am I doing this right?






What are the best arguments for revoking Title II?    
  
Just for science.
  

USA is a very wierd country, with a lot of people and groups organizing very strange  stupid shit. However, your system of different instances to control democracy WORKS even if it's very complicated. One missinformed(/stupid) person cannot change fundamental freedom rights of individuals. This is what makes America great.

/Socialist liberal from Sweden
Holy shit this would restore some semblance of faith that our voices could be heard. 
73K up-votes over a bill whose text is not published. Title voting much?
Sounded like a guy trying to save face from our impending doom
The big isps want to codify the cablization of the internet. Be wary of any legislation coming from a Republican Congress.  Fcc rules can be overturned with the next pres, legislation will be much harder to change.  I read in an article 6 months ago that this has been big telcos plan all along.
r/explainlikeimfive
I’m not grasping what the link is saying.
Looks nice, but until they post the text I can't explicitly support it. 
Is reddit botting and manipulation of its metrics coming back to bite it on the arse because FCC can't tell what is real or fake traffic?
Maybe read it before spreading.
Let’s rename “net neutrality” to “you won’t get re-elected” bill. Game over.
Why did it take so long for this bill to get introduced?
The bill is current in the Energy and Commerce committee.  Here are the members.  Look to see if any of your reps are on here:
REPUBLICAN MEMBERS
GREG WALDEN (OREGON – 02) – CHAIRMAN

JOE BARTON (TEXAS – 06) – VICE CHAIRMAN

FRED UPTON (MICHIGAN – 06)

JOHN SHIMKUS (ILLINOIS – 15)

MICHAEL BURGESS (TEXAS – 26)

MARSHA BLACKBURN (TENNESSEE – 07)

STEVE SCALISE (LOUISIANA – 01)

ROBERT LATTA (OHIO – 05)

CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS (WASHINGTON – 05)

GREGG HARPER (MISSISSIPPI – 03)

LEONARD LANCE (NEW JERSEY – 07)

BRETT GUTHRIE (KENTUCKY – 02)

PETE OLSON (TEXAS – 22)

DAVID MCKINLEY (WEST VIRGINIA – 01)

ADAM KINZINGER (ILLINOIS – 16)

MORGAN GRIFFITH (VIRGINIA – 09)

GUS BILIRAKIS (FLORIDA – 12)

BILL JOHNSON (OHIO – 06)

BILLY LONG (MISSOURI – 07)

LARRY BUCSHON (INDIANA – 08)

BILL FLORES (TEXAS – 17)

SUSAN BROOKS (INDIANA – 05)

MARKWAYNE MULLIN (OKLAHOMA – 02)

RICHARD HUDSON (NORTH CAROLINA – 08)

CHRIS COLLINS (NEW YORK – 27)

KEVIN CRAMER (NORTH DAKOTA – 00)

TIM WALBERG (MICHIGAN – 07)

MIMI WALTERS (CALIFORNIA – 45)

RYAN COSTELLO (PENNSYLVANIA – 06)

BUDDY CARTER (GEORGIA – 01)

JEFF DUNCAN (SOUTH CAROLINA – 03)

DEMOCRATIC MEMBERS
FRANK PALLONE (NEW JERSEY – 06) RANKING MEMBER

BOBBY RUSH (ILLINOIS – 01)

ANNA ESHOO (CALIFORNIA – 18)

ELIOT ENGEL (NEW YORK – 16)

GENE GREEN (TEXAS – 29)

DIANA DEGETTE (COLORADO – 01)

MICHAEL DOYLE (PENNSYLVANIA – 14)

JANICE SCHAKOWSKY (ILLINOIS – 09)

G.K. BUTTERFIELD (NORTH CAROLINA – 01)

DORIS MATSUI (CALIFORNIA – 06)

KATHY CASTOR (FLORIDA – 14)

JOHN SARBANES (MARYLAND – 03)

JERRY MCNERNEY (CALIFORNIA – 09)

PETER WELCH (VERMONT – 00)

BEN LUJAN (NEW MEXICO – 03)

PAUL TONKO (NEW YORK – 20)

YVETTE CLARKE (NEW YORK – 09)

DAVID LOEBSACK (IOWA – 02)

KURT SCHRADER (OREGON – 05)

JOSEPH KENNEDY (MASSACHUSETTS – 04)

TONY CÁRDENAS (CALIFORNIA – 29)

RAUL RUIZ (CALIFORNIA – 36)

SCOTT PETERS (CALIFORNIA – 52)

DEBBIE DINGELL (MICHIGAN – 12)
My girlfriend lives in the USA and I'm from the UK, I've been watching all of this soo closely and I'm unbelievably happy to see this. It doesn't guarantee that net neutrality won't be taken away but it is one hell of a step in stopping it. If you are from the USA, I whole heartedly thank you on my behalf for trying to stop the FCC.
Fuck. This comment is never going to make it to the top, but this bill was all part of the plan. This is exactly what the telecoms planned with their bought legislators, and now reddit is eating this shit up. The people behind this plot made Pai the lightning rod to the massive public outcry for net neutrality. We protested until our faces turned blue, and then congress comes in and listens to us, right? Nope. When this new legislation appears, it will kill net neutrality in a more subtle and convoluted way. 
But congress is Republican controlled.  How will this possibly pass?  They all get cash from the net providers, more than enough to buy them off.
GOD people. Learn how our government works. Sure spread this. but no congress has not set out any bill.

First the GOP LOVE WHAT PAI IS DOING. IF you learn fucking nothing else, fucking learn they want this. And crying to them will do nothing. The entire country doesnt want the tax bill they are passing. so fucking learn this shit.

second. congress hasnt set out anything. A dem wrote a bill. The purpose of the bill, is to show both parties are not the same. PERIOD. It will never get a vote. WHy? The republican congress operates under the fucking [hastert rule which says this wont fucking see the light of day.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hastert_Rule) The fucking hastert rule say no fucking thing makes it to teh floor for a vote, without a majority of republican support. Dems dont do the hastert bullshit.

OK now read my second point, while thinking on he first point.

You can waste your time. But like i said before, its like drowning people, reaching to grab out for something solid that just is not there. You want to stop this? vote in 2018 and 2020.

You can spread this to china.. it wont fucking get a vote. its a bill by a dem that a super majority of republicans disagree with.

And here is the rub, congressional GOP know they wont get in trouble for not doing anything. Fuck they know as long as they are running against a dem their base will vote for them. So we are fucked. 
Yet another reason to love Oregon....I dont need to send these letters.  My reps get it, and aren't a bunch of cunts.
The only issue is...we still have a republican dominated congress.
Congress didn't do shit.  Democrats did.  
Internet isn't going anywhere. 
Is there any way to read the actual bill? I remember one of the big worries is that comcast would write the bill themselves so even if it the bill to stop them from repealing net neutrality goes through they will still benefit somehow. All I see is a summary section that is empty in the link.
Can someone ELI5 this one for me?  The way I’m reading this, this is potentially a good thing right?  This would be saying, should the bill pass, that net neutrality rules stay in place?  Or am I missing key points here?
but reddit told me there's no difference between parties so now i'm confused is there a difference now?
Can someone please explain this like I'm 5?
This is awesome and if they happen to get behind it it’s more than likely because of mid term elections
Top 10 anime betrayals
I'm leaving a comment here so I can look back on being a part of history when we stood up for what was right, and good, and free in America (something I feel is extremely infrequent nowadays).

RemindMe! 1 year
Conservative here to tell you why Net Neutrality should stay.

I am huge fan of the free market. I believe in competition. I am also a fan of trust-busting.

The Telcom act of 1996 created an oligopoly with only a few major players because it banned new ISP's from servicing the same address as another one. This is not competition, this a government sponsored monopoly.

I believe in the free market and capitalism to promote innovation, but you need competition for it, there is not really competition in the ISP market at the moment. 

If the Telcom Act of 1996 went a way, I could support repealing net neutrality because there would be an ability of someone to compete. 
Imagine if they threatened to take away the bread.
This sort of bullshit is the exact reason we need politicians who are scientifically literate and educated about technology. No one who knows the first thing about the internet would in good conscience, vote for this bullshit. You're basically voting to hobble the thing that, like it or not, most every aspect of modern life relies on to some degree. 
This is why you need to have the ability to compromise. You have a issue you think is super important then  get a joint bill together that gives the majority something they want in exchange for your something you want. 

For example, net neutrality and border wall bill, that is fund a souther borser wall but make net neutrality a law. Suddenly you need to make a choice, is fighting against a border wall worth losing net neutrality? But with bipartisan support it would fly through both houses and the presidency in no time.

The border wall is just one example, could be a different one. But if you are not willing to move an inch any policy then don't expect the other side to do so as well.

I do think this should be decided by congress, for better or for worse, rather then the FCC.
SPREAD IT LIKE WILDFIRE!!
[deleted]
1) republicans will not allow it out of committee and will vote it down. 2) Trump will veto it. 

they will ignore your calls, e-mails, faxes, protests.  Do all those things, but once it passes it will take an actual revolution to change it back or stop it. 
The FCC is not taking away your internet, they are trying to deregulate it. 
Holy fuck you have no idea how much this just lifted my spirits what the fuck else Can I do I’ve already emailed and called my representatives
Making a bunch of noise worked previously. We need to get loud again and be heard!
After reading what I did about Ajit and his "jokes" I am more convinced than ever that the destruction of net neutrality will be the destruction of the internet. I just wish I could do more. :(
"Take away our internet."

Fear mongering level 100.
"take our internet" 🤣🤣🤣

This is Y2K all over again. 
The title is misleading. I hate what the FCC is attempting to do to net neutrality, but they aren't attempting to "take away our internet".
Paul Ryan will never let this bill see the light of day, I'm afraid. 
[deleted]
After all of the censorship and tries to act like the thought police and uses 1984 as an instruction manual, why should anybody listen to anything that reaches the top of r/all?  Why do you try to act like you want any kind of "neutrality" after all of the censorship here?  
"Taking away our internet" Jesus christ this faux hysteria has reached new levels of absurdity.  
  
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/7j6kn4/congress_has_set_out_a_bill_to_stop_the_fcc/dr4erqk/?context=3  
  
The guy /u/redrum714 deleted one of his comments so the entire chain got lost I thought I would link it in the highest parent comment
NN is a dead horse. 
Government regulation of the internet WILL backfire on you.
Should have been Congressional action from the start. Obama's desk and a pen governance was flat out wrong.
The internet is a utility... Done...
I like how the rhetoric changes. It went from hypothetical slowdowns to they're gonna take the internet away.
"taking away our internet?" Really? grooooaaaaaaaan
> taking away our internet

Alarmist much?
Can they really take away something they already have?  It's returning it to a free market.
Nobody is taking away your internet. 
Nice of the legislature to stop neglecting their duty and actually work on legislative solutions to legislative problems rather than passing it off to an already bloated executive branch.
So, how do I help? Just share this wherever I can?
Thank you Representative Maloney (D-NY-18). NYC should be proud to have you
Free internet 
I actually took the time and wrote an e-mail to my senator (SC). I'm nothing if not lazy, this must be a big deal.
From [congress.gov](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/4585/text) :

>As of 12/11/2017 text has not been received for H.R.4585 - To prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from relying on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking in the matter of restoring internet freedom to adopt, amend, revoke, or otherwise modify any rule of the Commission.

>Bills are generally sent to the Library of Congress from GPO, the Government Publishing Office, a day or two after they are introduced on the floor of the House or Senate. Delays can occur when there are a large number of bills to prepare or when a very large bill has to be printed.

TL;DR: I don't know what the bill says, and neither does OP.
 
EDIT: The text has finally been posted.
Politics are fucking stupid
Sponsored by a Democrat and since the Republicans control the House, it will never be voted on.

Spread it as far as you want, it's as dead as a "let's kill Obamacare" bill under Obama.
just imagine if we had to pay for internet, we'd all go broke somehow or mr.robot would come to real life
The republicans aren't going to let that pass. They want to turn you into a robot that exists solely to shop and reproduce. 
I hope the shills get fucked.  
The teen famous for tracking Elon Musk's jet has a new target: Russian oligarchs

From the article:

> A new account, called Russian Oligarch Jets, has started tracking the whereabouts of some of Russia's wealthiest businessmen, posting when and where their aircraft takes off and lands. The automated feed posted its first tweet on Sunday after the US sanctioned several members of Russian President Vladimir Putin's inner circle and pledged to hunt down and freeze their assets, including their yachts and mansions. 

> Russian billionaires are still crisscrossing the globe on private jets and yachts despite sanctions intended to financially cripple Russia's elite in retaliation for its invasion of Ukraine. CNBC reported Monday that some of Russia's wealthiest businessmen have started moving their megayachts to Montenegro and the Maldives, possibly in an effort to avoid them being seized or frozen.
Could we track the mega yachts? And if something were to happen to it, who knows.
Jeezus, good luck to him, but I hope he’s careful, those guys don’t fuck around.
Most of them are not registered in Russia.
* D-xxxx is Germany
* LX-xxx is Luxembourg
* M-xxxx is Isle of Man
* OE-xxx is Austria
* P4-xxx is Aruba
* VP-Cxx is Cayman Islands

Time to lobby those governments of those countries to suspend the registration of those aircraft as a form of sanctions.
Someone periodically check on this kid and make sure no one kills him
Shit he better put those skills to good use
I wish nothing but the absolute worst for Russian leadership and those that enable them.
I love how united the world is against Putin. Everyone is doing whatever they can to help. It's amazing!
[removed]
[removed]
The Twitter account is https://twitter.com/RUOligarchJets

Roman Abramovich and Alexander Abramov have at least six aircraft each at their disposition.
That's brave, sounds like a good way to get an early death from novichok or polonium.
Already been done and posted on Reddit several days ago.
https://www.reddit.com/r/InternetIsBeautiful/comments/t1qk07/a_website_tracking_russian_oligarchs_most_of_whom/
https://www.radarspots.com/oligarchs-flee-russia/
Once Putin falls they should all get arrested anyway. They're all extremely corrupt and complicit in everything "except" the Invasion (I'm sure they were all for it before sanctions).

They're not good people. Nowhere should give them sanctuary of safe harbor.
Can we start calling American billionares and corporate elitists and their donors oligarchs as well?

ol·i·garch
/ˈäləˌɡärk/
Learn to pronounce
noun
1.
a ruler in an oligarchy.
2.
(especially in Russia) a very rich business leader with a great deal of political influence.

So, American corporate billionares fill all of the criteria of definition 2... Let's start calling em Oligarchs.
This can easily get one killed. Musk might express his annoyance. The Russian guys will act on it.
More Javelins are needed
Kid is brave. Hope he knows what he’s doing.
Wabbit season.  Oligarch season!
Hell yeah fuck anyone who’s with Putin
Someone give this kid a job already!
Let's go ahead and start tracking the American Oligarchs too. Bezos should be taking his mega yacht to the Maldives as well.
Oh fuck protec
I will follow his career with great interest.
That's a good way to get suicided.  Russian oligarchs/mafia don't mess around.
RADAR O’really
Well, he’s got balls. But those guys have no scruples. I’ll say a little prayer bead prayer for little man.
Good.  Now do Koch Bros and ExxonMobil, Shell, and American Petrolium Institute, and any other parasitic C-Suite morons like Jeff Bozos the clown.
This is what I call an effective re-allocation of resources
“....and thats how I was offered a job by the CIA”
[deleted]
Should’ve called it Russian Oligarch Craft (Tracker) so the acronym would be ROC and “ROC” search results would start to point to it.
oh that kid just signed up for a tragic suicide with three bullets to the back of the head and falling out of a window very high up.
UNLEASH THE TEENAGER!
How amazing is it that the whole world is united in shutting down Russia once and for all.
Y’all praising him but man’s gonna get hit 😟
I like this kid! He’s going places!
I’m really rooting for this kid
But don’t stop tracking Elon either
Russian warship, oligarchs, and Putin, go fuck yourselves!
Can we do the same for American oligarchs? Those assholes shouldn't be living care free after making income inequality insufferable in the states.
Only problem is that they use these private jets as another form of income.  The uber rich frequently loan out their private jets so that they are not sitting around doing nothing.
Cool! let's do that to the US ollys as well!
Hell yeah! Lets track all oligarchs. American and Russian.
Everyday we find more and more heroes without capes
I wonder what’s going on with Edward Snowden in all this? Does anyone know?
Listen to his interview on the podcast “a mediocre time with Tom and Dan”.  He’s just a local UCF student doing nerd shit.  They make a bunch of jokes about new tracking ideas. He’s pretty flat in the interview but you get the idea he is going to do this shit whether he gets famous or not.
I hear galium just wrecks havok on aluminum. Would be a shame if one of these oligarchs had an acidental contamination on one of thier planes. Just a crumbling, brittle, disentegrating shame.
Thank you humanity and Jesus
Using his super powers for good
This is the best plot twist ever
Time to unblock him, Elon.
Only thing I'll say here is this: we out number them,.....
I hope his new tracking project doesn’t make him “accidentally” fall out of a window.
Good kid. Don’t let them buy you off
Defenestration is a thing with those guys.
Good love the way internet and the young.   Thanks am 62.   Maybe they can make a difference??!  After all they worldwide are the young who’s lives are in danger.
Good. Fuck them fuckers.
Dude better be sharp and keep his eyes peeled…those guys are not the ones to fuck around with.
this “kid” is CIA
I don’t get what’s so impressive with this? It’s all publicly available information right?
This kid really is playing with fire. I hope for his sake he deactivated the account soon.
Well this will either end up very boring, or very interesting. I just hope not with a dead teen.
When this is all over I hope he goes back to Musk.
[deleted]
Finally, open billionaire wars.  

Still not concerned about the impossibility of democracy with a billionaire class?
Kids these days give me so much hope for the future!
Funny his tracking is showing a bunch of them heading to a swanky resort in Palm beach Florida. 😄
Fucking teenagers, I love them. They’re castigated for not having life experience but fuck they do some clever shit that is consistently written off by their elders as annoying and irrelevant.

They’re like mosquitoes. They have this innate ability to tune into what fucks ‘adults’ off at a frequency that is so fucking annoying like a tiny buzzing in your bedroom, yet their ability to do serious damage is consistently under appreciated. Hopefully the recognition of this young man’s ingenuity will translate to other young adults at some point soon.

Teenagers/young adults deserve a lot more respect than they are given.
Good for him I guess, but people don’t understand that this kid is not doing anything that literally anyone with a computer can’t do. ADS-B data is readily available and free. People here are venerating him like he’s some master hacker for copy pasting public info onto twitter.
He'd better watch his back!
I love this guy so much!!! First he says fuck you to Musk and then he goes hunting for oligarchs.
Careful… Jesus Christ. Be careful. 

Note: Steve Erwin didn’t die observing nature. He died fucking with nature. Some bears shouldn’t be poked.  (Sting rays something something)…
It’s one thing to troll Elon, but why would you want that kind of heat?
The hero we needed 10 years ago
I’m here for this
How long before this kid has an accidental death
This kid gonna end up catching a bullet
Remember this kid, he will grow up and become someone big
I hope the teen does not disappear.
Fk yesss, love everything about this
He's the CEO of an arms manufacturer for Russia he's a legit Target
John Oliver Blackmails Congress With Their Own Digital Data - The ‘Last Week Tonight’ host paid shady brokers for lawmakers’ digital histories — promising not to release the info so long as Congress passes legislation protecting all consumers’ data

Soon:

Congress passes legislation banning data brokers from collecting data on Members of Congress.
Last Week Tonight is such a great show for many reasons, but my favorite is when John goes on these personal missions to expose the corrupt. 

Eat shit, Bob!
Eat Shit, Bob!
With the amount of stuff this show has managed to dig up and pull out of the darkness I 100% believe John is in the possession of some very uncomfortable internet history
If you listen carefully to his monologue he doesn’t threaten anything.
Can we just do this with some app. I’d chip in 5 bucks a month to lobby some fat fucks
The thing about John Oliver’s show I love is not just that it’s informative but he always both talks about what can we potentially do to fix these issues and also takes steps himself. Often times it can seem like it’s just for the laughs but regardless, it might effect real change.

ETA. Yes I used the wrong form of effect/affect. My bad, it was early.
He’s one of the extremely few that always brings to light the shit that nobody ever thinks or talks about.
Chaotic good
John brings very interesting and relevant subjects to light. He’s starting to get a lot of attention and that’s good.
I don't think this will have John's intended effect. Congress will just make it illegal to collect/pay for lawmaker data or some shit.
So we just have to blackmail congress to pass laws? Noted.
Every app should be part of a zero party data model
I really want him to release the data in the form of some rat erotica.
I imagine it is embarrassing and politically damaging but legal. I also imagine anything illegal they found went through legal at HBO. He wouldn’t necessarily reveal if he found illegal info- it could have been turned over without mention.

Realize that releasing information of crimes doesn’t help bring people to justice always. Evidence of a crime doesn’t mean sufficient evidence to charge a crime. If there was some evidence of crimes- the way to bring that person to justice would be to tip of investigators, not the individuals, of those crimes. It makes sense to hand it off and keep quiet.
As soon as they pass the law he should release it anyways
The title makes it seem far more serious and threatening than the actual segment did.
[deleted]
I am glad with have someone like John Oliver, who actually uses his influence for good.
I'm wondering why this hasnt been done before?  

Also wondering if you can even "shame" some of these politicians, especially those who tend toward ultra nationalist views.  

Their base of support seems ok with most anything
This is the kind of rebellious, revolutionary action I've been waiting for.
John Oliver is officially Chaotic Good.
Does any one else remember a show where they interviewed District attorneys and others about taking citizen's trash to charge people with crimes and gather evidence (I think the show was about how they were abusing this)
Anyway, they all defended the hell out of it saying that anyone is allowed to take your trash.
So the producers arranged for a bunch of different DA's trash to be taken and then asked them, do you want to know what we found in YOUR trash? And they all lost their shit like THEY had been totally violated when it was done to them, unlike when they do it to others.
Man I wish I could remember where I saw it...maybe 48 hrs or 20/20...or something like that.
Just a reminder: anyone can do what Last Week Tonight did. Data brokers don't care who is buying the data. It's not even that expensive, as was pointed out in the segment on the show. To gather copious amounts of data on every member of Congress could be a bit expensive for an individual, but I think it could be crowdfunded. Would someone with experience starting a nonprofit like to volunteer to make this happen?
Crappy article title. This is not blackmail.  I do hope we finally see some legislation on invasive data marketing though. 

He basically says I’m doing something legal and if you don’t feel good about that then change legality of it.

Pay attention to what he says.  He makes no demands or or requests of action.  He makes no statements indicating his legal choices or actions will change based on their choices or actions.
He did a bit on Truckers that was typically informative and enlightening. It showed the very real ways truckers get screwed. These segments take months to produce, so it had to have been in the works long before the trucker circle jerk around the Beltway. That said, it was a bit subversive to show the ACTUAL problems truckers face when truckers were making a spectacle protesting ... whatever it was they think they were protesting. If they had been protesting the fact that they have to pay to park the company truck at the company parking lot, for instance, they would have more support than just the Qnuts.
Based but also just release it anyway
Chaotic good.
John Oliver is my hero ❤️ go owl man!!
Joke's on you John.... You can't shame a congressman.  Have you met these people?
I was watching this and getting more and more irritated and down about the dystopia that we live in.  Then John started his final segment.

Say whatever you want about him and his show, but he actively fights for the little guy.  I've had to stop watching a lot of shows due to not wanting to be exposed to more and more negative shit, but John always seems to turn it around on people in such a way to make it seem better.
The balls on this guy
John Oliver is too powerful. What’s next? Is he gonna steal a world record from an autocratic government?


Oh wait, the marble cake…
Get around the wall... Alternate source
https://www.yahoo.com/video/john-oliver-blackmails-congress-own-045106902.html
Shady isn't illegal. Nor is "hey protect everyone's data that can be acquired from sketchy (but legal) means, or we're gonna have a field day with your perfectly legally acquired public data...." necessary blackmail.
Incredible segment. 

His show does this every week... It should be mandatory viewing in DC and at statehouses across the country.
John Oliver you fucking legend.
I worked somewhere where we had access to a lot of user data and it should come as no surprise that he's bang-on with what he's talked about here.

I had to have my team spend months in a data anonymization effort and I felt like I was crazy because I seemed to be the only one that saw it as a legal-appeasement that did nothing to protect users. It is painfully easy to de-anonymize data, especially location data.

Ultimately, data brokerage should be a service that exists at the individual level. You should be able to broker your own data and reap the financial reward of people who want access to that data to inform their decisions. The financial sums would be negligible, but it would also put the onus on you to determine when and if it's appropriate to publish your data.
Regardless of if he actually follows through on his threat, he got everyone talking and guaranteed congress will take notice; no matter his true intentions of following through. It’s important to acknowledge his research team too. Those people are on their shit.
I just finished this episode and it might be one of the most badass things I've seen anyone do on tv 😂.
Gotta love John Oliver.
Hey if it works I’m happy, by any means
So, is satirical news the most effective political activism we have now?
Never personally liked John Oliver, but this I can respect. It’s been a long time coming to fight Big Tech’s bullshit
Ok I’m seriously torn between having data protection measures passed, and finally finding out who browsed furry porn from the capitol building. Not knowing has been seriously bothering me.

If we’re taking bets, mines on Cruz.
 Sure John Oliver does a great job at presenting these things in an entertaining way, but the writers and researchers are the ones that did the leg work.
I just want to know which one clicked on the Ted Cruz erotic fan fiction.
Reminds me of the time he bought all that debt and forgave it.

This man, and the people he works with, are treasures
Remember when the Panama Papers came out and absolutely no-one did anything?
Someone should compile a list of apps and services that sell data to brokers. So we can all drop those apps (where appropriate — I doubt many of us will be dropping google for example)
John Oliver is doing God's work. We don't deserve him but we better be glad he's working for us and not the enemy. Capitalistic politicians need to be exposed. All of them, tried in a court of public opinion if we can't get them into criminal court. Their own laws protect them.
I work in IT, this isn't new but it's nice people are becoming more aware of it. If you're concerned, use a VPN and disable cookies. However this could have side effects and make websites you use less usable.
r/Chaoticgood
Congress is going to pass a law banning their information but the public is fair game to them.
I’m not a huge fan of John Oliver but I love that he does stuff like this. I really liked the episode when he made a debt collection company, bought up hoards of bad medical debt and just straight up forgave it for people.
Strip their stock privileges first, then do the other thing
The data is released already. Anyone can get it. That's his point.
Jon Oliver should suggest they pass a law that this kind of data can't be collected in the first place, not just that they can't sell it or be fined if they do.   Gotta watch this episode.
That’s a real Batman move.
Such a troll. I love that man and his team.
California-based game company Blizzard bans pro esports player and confiscates his prize money after he voices support for Hong Kong protesters

South Park really nailed it in that last episode
Yep, when I hear yet another CEO talk about private industry needing to become the moral voice of society then this and the NBA thing happens.
Blizzard really has lost all of their principles. And spine.
[deleted]
Meanwhile, *Gods Unchained* is offering to pay all of his lost winnings and invited him to their tournament. 

https://twitter.com/GodsUnchained/status/1181487505180258304

> **@Blizzard_Ent** just banned **@blitzchungHS** and stripped his Hearthstone winnings because they care about money more than freedom. We will pay for ALL his lost winnings and a ticket to our $500k tournament: **no player should be punished for their beliefs.** #freegaming

I don't have my own laptop so I can't play, but that's one hell of a classy move, even if it's just for PR. I'm a long-time HS player, and I've uninstalled. 

Cancelling my WoW Classic sub as well for the time being - their long-term response will determine if I renew.
Blizzard as a company has been more and more disappointing as they've gotten larger. Used to be a pillar of how to do things right and made the best products and now they're flirting with politics??  Come on guys.
Goodbye Blizzard 👋🏽
Canceled my subscriptions and submitted a ticket to have my battlenet account deleted.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Blizzard bowing down to China for fear of profit loss because a kid voiced the pain in his heart from incidents such as those seen on r/fuckHKpopo
Blizzard should move to mainland China and get out of the good ol' USA. 🇺🇲

Here is the Tiananmen video:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czNcMGkOCkU

Edit: Thank you kind stranger(s).
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is a GREAT move by Blizz literally 3 weeks before their annual BlizzCon.

I'm sure no shit in any way will be hitting any fans at BlizzCon over this.
Everyone needs to cancel their blizzard subscriptions and give this as their reason.

Hey blizzard, fuck you in your greedy asses.
[deleted]
Can we all boycott blizzard for a while?
[deleted]
I wonder if Chinese cock tastes any difference than Wall Street cock..
Can they legally take away his prize money?
The second shittiest thing here is that because of some asshats who made the decision at Blizzard/Activision will cause all their hard working employees to suffer because of boycotts and all the shit the company as a whole will get.

Granted, I don't like their games for years now even though they were by far my favourite when I grew up, but it's important to realize that not everyone at Blizzard supports this nonsense, but probably only a few shitheels at the top.
The problem is China has a closed off internet situation, and Blizzard probably massively sustains itself from players there. Make them mad and they can snap their fingers and Bam... God knows how many customers suddenly gone. 

But a simple statement would have been enough. Hello, they fired the people *interviewing* the person.
We should all feel so proud and free to see U.S. companies shrivel up and lick foreign dictator ass. People don't matter. Public opinion matters, but people don't matter. Money is important, but people aren't important. Hope for the species dwindles.
I would LOVE to see a pro Blizzard player speak up AGAINST HK just so I can see that person get shut down and silenced by papa Blizzard. 

Surely, Blizzard is committed to being a neutral, apolitical force. I'm sure it's extremely unlikely that China's dick is shoved deeeep down their money-worshipping throats.

Praise blitzchung
South Park woke everyone back up to the China/ Business dilemma, and corporations are getting fucked at both ends.
 I wonder if blizzard has considered going and fucking itself?
Blizzard is asshoe
It needs to be said constantly.

This isn't about Blizzard or the NBA or any other company being unethical. It is, but they don't care about what is ethical. So it can't be about that.

The argument is that *it is not in any of these companies' long-term best interests to lick the CCP's boots.*

Do they want to do business hamstrung under Chinese censorship? Just to make more money this quarter? Or do they want to do business in a freer world?
Cancelling your subscription is one thing, but if you really want to hit them where it hurts then start contacting all the other companies they do business with and ask if their policies are to do business with those who support human rights abusers. Caterers, hotel chains, venues for events, transportation etc.. If some of those start cutting ties due to public pressure then it'll cause some major logistical problems and disruption.

*edit: typo*
Blizzard is trash
Reddit removed the 56,000+ upvoted post about this from the Frontpage:

https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/dewc98/_/

What the fuck is happening...
This is so fucked. It’s clear that China has become a threat to all of humanity around the globe. Their belt and road initiative is only growing and consolidating their power. Something needs to be done immediately to quell the tide or before long we’ll all be living under their oppressive regime by proxy. Fuck China and their Winnie the Pooh cunt of a ruler.
[removed]
Fuck you blizzard.
I’ve been having a lot of fun with classic wow. Looks like I’ll be stopping that.
Blizzard just doesn't have any tegridy
[deleted]
I wonder if he would have a case to sue for the prize money. What are the terms listed for prize money?
Western democracies need to seriously examine their policies on allowing Chinese business investment. Since all Chinese companies are state-owned and controlled, they will naturally adhere to China's totalitarian policies whenever possible. We need to stop valuing $$$ above all else. Fuck China.
Confiscates his prize money? As in, he already won it?

Sounds a bit like robbery to me.
#blizzardisoverparty
If you like playing Overwatch, try playing Paladins instead.

Not only is it free, but it's actually a better game with way more customization. I have almost 1000 hours on it and I haven't gotten bored yet Also, they're about to release a new champion that looks like the most heavy metal demon you've ever seen.
Supporting Blizzard means supporting ethnic cleansing, forced organ harvesting and other human rights abuses.
Boycotting Blizzard.
Thomas had never seen such bullshit
This is cascading.
This is a real shame. They could have slapped him on the wrist rather than this. Catering to your Chinese overlords is not a good look.
Blizzard!  Stop catering to the whims of a totalitarian state, you money-hungry assholes!
Fucking Cowards.
I read this as they took his prize money for supporting the Chinese government and I was thinking he’ll yeah fuck him but then I reread it and now I’m thinking duck you blizzard.
First the NBA bends over and now Blizzard? Didn't realise the US became a Chinese province lol
They are trash. They've been trash since they got in bed with Activision.
---
Never forget the Tienanmen Square Massacre (Chinese: 天安门大屠杀)!

光復香港 時代革命!

Free Tibet!

Protect the Uyghurs!

Release Inner Mongolia!

Support Taiwan!
God damnit. As a 15k hours diablo player, I am super disappointed in Blizzard for this. I knew they were whores for money since WoW took off back in the day, but this is just completely out of line. Guess I'm going to uninstall. 

Feels like a breakup :( but the girl turned out to be a communist lol
Finally people are starting to stand up to this kind of bullshit. Can't wait until the Chinese start losing influence in the world again
Talk all the shit you want about America, Americans and the American government. Say a peep about China. Shut down.
Activision Blizzard supports domestic terrorism (what is going on in Hong Kon right now) and Tiananmen Square massacre too.

money is everything



Hong Kongers are brave as hell and need our voice.
How many of you are actually gonna stop playing their games and spending money on their titles, though? Reddit it like 1% of their playerbase, and even this place is divided between boycotting and not giving a shit.
I wonder which Overwatch character will be turned gay now to shield themselves from criticism
Wtf? South Park wasn’t joking?
I literally just deleted my almost 20-year old Battle.net account.

My favorite videogame of all time is WC3, I have so many great memories. But it's all over today because Blizzard is a company that supports authoritarian governments and putting innocent people into concentration camps. 

I hope everyone who has invested time and $ into WoW, Diablo, and all of the other incredible games also come the to realization that there are other games out there, and you can make a difference by abandoning this company the way they abandoned millions of people in Hong Kong. 

Fuck you Winnie the Poo, and everyone who supports the atrocities of the Chinese government.
What I find hilarious is that they banned him allegedly for "damaging Blizzard's image" and yet doing that basically tore their public image to teensy teensy weensy shreds and they're the ones to blame.   

It's basically a "it hurt itself in its confusion" case lmao
They're denying an individual his dues because he expressed his support for  Taiwan and Hong Kong an issue that the Chinese claim  is above the definition of free speech
😂😂😂 These MOFOS deserve Trump.
>California-based

Obviously they're China-based, now.
Boycott boycott boycott. American companies should have American values. If they don’t then they shouldn’t have the protection conferred to them by being American.
Cancel your WoW account
I just canceled my sub as well.  This is reprehensible.
Fuck blizzard and activision for this one
$$$>Democracy.  Welcome to avaricious corporate world we live in.
I know this will get buried.... but if American companies won't stand up for American ideals. Why do we allow them to be incorporated in America?

They shouldn't be allowed the protection of our government if they won't work for the people.
They are denying him the prize money too?

FUUUUUUCK THAT
Liberate Hong Kong revolution of our time!
>The situation highlights the thorny tradeoff US-based companies face when operating in China: It's a hugely profitable opportunity, but placating the Chinese government can require compromising on fundamental democratic values in ways that provoke backlash elsewhere in the world.

Translation: US companies have to sell out their professed morals if they want to do business in China. 

This isn't a "thorny trade-off," it's textbook moral cowardice. Enjoy your yuan, Blizzard. I hope your credibility and reputation were worth it.
As a 20-year fan of Blizzard due to SC, Diablo, and Overwatch, fuck them. I'll be uninstalling their shit right now. Fuck china too.
Worth noting that there are employees at Blizzard who share our feelings on this: https://twitter.com/lackofrealism/status/1181639970332659712
If you have a bliz account you can have it deleted to boycott: https://us.battle.net/support/en/article/2659
Just spent 25 minutes on the phone with Nintendo to cancel my preorder. Really wanted to play the game, but somewhere the line needed to be drawn. Hong Kong’s freedom is more important than $, and more important than convenience.
I wish I could "confiscate" money back from people after I pay them for things.

Seriously, how is that not theft?

If I get fired from my job they don't get to "confiscate" my salary.
Fuck you Bilizzard
All the bootlickers talking about how valuable the "Chinese market" is and how important it is to preserve access to it as if they aren't just supporting modern slavery in order to sell their slave-made goods back to the slaves that made them.

China managed to shackle their entire country under a prison-industrial structure; American capitalists must be beside themselves with jealousy at such a compliant and captive market.
Sounds like a good day to short Activision stock.
Oh man.  I was hoping Blizzard would just have some sort of generic "no political statements" clause but it sounds like they're banning him because he "hurt Blizzard's public image".  That makes it clear that they did this because they want to look good to China and the Chinese market and not because they just want to stay apolitical.

I'm still conflicted because I watch a lot of Hearthstone esports as well as play Hearthstone.  I don't mind stopping playing (although I was looking forward to the wild card changes) but I also feel bad for not supporting some of my favourite Hearthstone streamers.
This is outrageous.Fuck you Blizzard! Not playing any of your games anymore.
Blizzard sucks Chinese cock
I cannot support blizzard anymore, they couldn't give a fuck about my view unless I "vote" with my wallet. So that's what I'll do.

https://i.gyazo.com/78cc0bbeaa9c53ef8497dada048195ec.png

Blizzard will only care if you cancel subs/refuse to give the money for games and or services.
Well if Blizzard or Activision doesn’t want us to have political opinion, I’ll gladly be extra careful not to buy any blizzard or activision game. Period.
Bungie did good going free from activision.
Hmmm. It was trending on trending on twitter at number 2. Now it's disappeared entirely. Interesting.
Cool uninstalling all blizzard games. Time to free up room of my HD
The Communist government in China will continue quashing free speech using their extensive global tentacles.
They’re never getting another dime from me. 


"Today I lost Hearthstone, it's only a matter of four years," he said, “But if Hong Kong lost, it's a matter of a lifetime."
Not surprising after the way Blizzard has handled things over that past 12 months. Not the blizzard I grew up with. This is the evil twin that grew up from all the money and investor attention that followed.

I uninstalled Battle.Net 5 days after the Heroes of The Storm esports travesty and never looked back. At some point I have to stand for my principles and give up on nostalgia.
From Twitter: "A company whose entire portfolio revolves around heroes, heroism, heroic choices – and yet from the boardroom comes this, an act of absolute cowardice and cynical opportunism"
[deleted]
I think everyone should sign off WoW in a show of solidarity.
Fuck China. Liberate Hong Kong, revolution of our age.
So if you buy Blizzard's games you are now contributing to this this evil shit.
The fact they they took away his prize money based on such an arbitrary clause is total bullshit. If they wanted to ban political speach they could have said that. Instead they use the idea of something being offensive to anyone as grounds for stealing his money. 

Everything is offensive to someone. 

What if people are offended by other players NOT speaking out? Will they have their winnings taken too? Probably not. This shows that Blizzard is arbitrary in their enforcement of this clause and that should be grounds for a lawsuit. 

At a minimum they should have warned his that that kind of speach would not be tolerated before just taking his money.

Worse still is the streamers who carried his appearance. They had nothing to do with his words and got fucked over too.
#The intent was to give countries a sense of pride and accomplishment by locking up dissenting voices and running over students with tanks.
Today is the day I stop playing Blizzard games
Joe Biden calls game developers "little creeps" who make titles that "teach you how to kill"

I've learned more about killing people from crime shows than violent video games.
"who told me he was an artist because he was able to come up with games to teach you how to kill people."  Hold on, did the person at the table actually say that to Biden or is Biden putting words in his mouth? Like he said he was an artist but Biden added the bit about teaching how to kill people... not sure I understand the whole story here.
Joe Biden continues to stick foot in mouth, has now started eating his shoe.
He has obviously come to the conclusion that the reason the Democrats lost last time is because that didn’t appeal sufficiently to cranky old people, and is trying to remedy this.
[deleted]
Wait till he hears about the army.
So the US government is a “little creep” then since it literally makes games that teach people to kill? 

I mean Americas Army was pretty damn popular and free.
It sounds like he wasn't actually meeting with actual devs, just bigwigs from AAA publishers.

> one of the little creeps sitting around that table, who was a multi- — close to a billionaire — who told me he was an artist because he was able to come up with games to teach you how to kill people.


Yea, the actual artists don't make anything close to that much, and would never insult their own work saying something like that. Definitely an exec, but imagine having the gall to call yourself an artist in that position.


Regarding Biden, what this tells us is that he'd rather be stubborn and closed-minded rather than do the research and make a conclusion on his own. Not a big surprise coming from a career politician.
First he tells coal miners "learn to code", but then bashes coders who make games? Brilliant
Joe Biden calling people creepy.
Politicians are little creeps that actually send our kids out to kill and be killed.
[deleted]
Little creeps? This is the creep that smells women’s hair in public!
biden is so insanely out of touch. fucking hell, i swear if the choice comes down to biden and trump i’m gonna lose my fucking mind.

edit: a lot of people seem to think i’m saying i won’t know who to choose. that’s not what i’m saying. i’m saying i hate them both and i will lose my mind if they are the 2 up on that final ballot.
TIL the makers of KSP, Cities: Skylines, and The Sims train homocidal maniacs.

Edit: TIL there's a lot of people out there with a very different approach to the Sims than me.
[deleted]
Isn't he thanking game developers then? He's the one who voted for the application of these teachings.
[deleted]
I can't imagine choosing between Biden and Trump. Douglas Adams is a genius sometimes-

"It comes from a very ancient democracy, you see..."

"You mean, it comes from a world of lizards?"

"No," said Ford, who by this time was a little more rational and coherent than he had been, having finally had the coffee forced down him, "nothing so simple. Nothing anything like so straightforward. On its world, the people are people. The leaders are lizards. The people hate the lizards and the lizards rule the people."

"Odd," said Arthur, "I thought you said it was a democracy."

"I did," said Ford. "It is."

"So," said Arthur, hoping he wasn't sounding ridiculously obtuse, "why don't people get rid of the lizards?"

"It honestly doesn't occur to them," said Ford.

"They've all got the vote, so they all pretty much assume that the government they've voted in more or less approximates to the government they want."

"You mean they actually vote for the lizards?"

"Oh yes," said Ford with a shrug, "of course."

"But," said Arthur, going for the big one again, "why?"

"Because if they didn't vote for a lizard," said Ford, "the wrong lizard might get in. Got any gin?"

"What?"

"I said," said Ford, with an increasing air of urgency creeping into his voice, "have you got any gin?"

"I'll look. Tell me about the lizards."

Ford shrugged again.
"Some people say that the lizards are the best thing that ever happenned to them," he said. "They're completely wrong of course, completely and utterly wrong, but someone's got to say it."

"But that's terrible," said Arthur.

"Listen, bud," said Ford, "if I had one Altairian dollar for every time I heard one bit of the Universe look at another bit of the Universe and say 'That's terrible' I wouldn't be sitting here like a lemon looking for a gin.

https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6091075-so-long-and-thanks-for-all-the-fish
How do i downvote a politician
As opposed to the military, which literally teaches how to kill people.
Wait until he hears about a couple of these organizations that literally go into the public schools and recruit children to teach them how to kill, offering to trade killing services for further education, targeting more financially needy areas. Kids can even take the indoctrination classes while they’re in school, wearing real uniforms and even staying at indoctrination centers before they graduate. 

I mean, that’s not how the NJROTC, or any of the US Military services would explain high school recruitment programs but hey, if that’s how he wants to reduce video game designers, ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Breaking news: Old white man is out of touch.
You mean that old guy who kisses children who don't want to be kissed? Yeah, I don't think he gets to decide who's creepy.
Unlike military contractors...
Here i am seeing if i can sneak through games without killing and stopping at red lights in GTA and other games
As a software engineer, he lost my vote. He never has it to begin with, but now he extra doesn’t have it
Way to win over the youth vote
Ok Kiddie sniffer, whatever you say.
Way to loose a bunch of voters in the biggest blue state you fucking ding dong.
Whose vote is he trying to get with this one? The conservative religious right that supported George W Bush was big into the anti-videogame, anti-violent rhetoric that targeted shooting games and artists like Marylin Manson. I'd be surprised if they're not mostly Trump supporters. All Biden is doing is pissing off a huge segment of people who traditionally make up part of the Democratic base. Bold strategy Cotton.
But not the China censored action films pouring out of hollywood. Those are fine and filled with american values
Old man yells at cloud
starting to look like joe just doesn't want to be president.
Biden becomes shittier almost every day, it seems.
Then he went to a witch burning
I dislike Biden and hope he doesn't become the Democratic nominee, but even so, that article title is inaccurate and doesn't match what he actually said.
“They should teach them about children sitting on your lap”
Then names his son Hunter.
What the fuck is wrong with these assholes?

Wii Bowling never makes people better bowlers.

You still suck at guitar after playing Guitar Hero

Kerbal Space Program isn't going to qualify anyone to launch a rocket.

But through some fucking magic Call of Duty is supposed to make players into a member of Seal Team 6
Jesus fuck. The Democrats this year (...and last election...) just need to put up any 40-60 year old that isn't already obscenely hated by millions or a blathering idiot and they'll win.

Seriously just pick some random fucking congressman that no one outside of their own state has ever heard of and if they'll win.

Either the Dems are afraid of winning because they know then they'll actually have to work to try and accomplish what they say they will, or they're tanking at hopes of drafting Joe Burrow next election season
The political elite who sniffs young girls? This is the guy the DNC is pushing? 

Lol

edit: if you're mad about it then stop blindly voting democrat. Otherwise why would they ever stop? Vote 3rd party.
My record player would never treat me this way
Have the Democrats learned *nothing* from 2016? All they need is a sane moderate candidate and they'll win in a landslide.
He could have taken them to task for using predatory gambling mechanics in games aimed at children. But no, shooty bang bang bad. 

Idiot.
Hacker collective Anonymous declares 'cyber war' against Russia, disables state news website

Wow, so that's why RT was down. For some reason I felt compelled to go check what kind of spin they were putting on the news, but I was surprised to find the website was down.
There was an article I read about how the various top officials in Russia love spending time outside Russia and posting on social media and all that shit.  Would be a real shame if some sort of hacker collective went after these people on social media to make it clear they're not wanted there.
i would like to see how far hackers can get. 

sure hacking twitter accounts and posting dick pics on news sites is funny. but im talking about a much bigger scale

Edit:  alright they just hackdd a database with phonenumbers and passwords of russian officials. Thats a good start
[deleted]
DDOSing a website is whatever.  I’ll be impressed when they start hitting critical infrastructure, bricking tractor firmware, draining bank accounts, disabling ATMs, locking up dams and air traffic control systems…
SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Would love to help out but got no idea how
I always see posts about “Anonymous declares they will do x.y,z” but do they ever actually do anything. I always hear about the threats and not the outcomes.
I dont think that taking down some sites is doing anything whatsoever. They should be hijacking sites like VK and populating them with real info of what is happening in Ukraine so russian people can really see what is going on.
[removed]
[removed]
US Intelligence Agencies when they realize anyone can be "in Anonymous":

Hey guys it's me, Anonymous
You forgot the word “briefly” on the end there
Do they ever actually achieve anything?  I hear the headline quite often but cannot recall events when they blew things up.
Didn’t know Anonymous was still around. Good to see the sure fighting the good fight.
I know these guys are potentially dangerous or whatever, but I just picture the fat trolls from South Park.
How about hacking energetic plants in russia to disable power and send chaos in to their comms?
Every time Anonymous does something it’s low power like taking a website down. Let’s see them take their internet down, let’s see communication breakdown, let’s see Russia and Russians pissed they can’t do basic things like use an ATM, or use their cellphones, force the people to revolt against the war mongers. Broke and bedlam. 

Cyber war is war, if they’re going to declare it then let’s see some real action because there’s people literally dying for their country while the whole world just watches.
Nothing like taking down someone’s social media page after they go murder a bunch of innocent people. That’ll show them.
wow, Russia must be terrified *now*.

*rolleyes*
The kings of all talk and no action
Reminder that despite being mythologized by normies in the past 5 years that Anonymous is now a federal asset and what used to be known as "Anonymous" ended with LulzSec arrests a decade ago. They went from hacking credit card companies and PayPal to exclusively pursuing enemies of the State Department.
Me yesterday: “what ever happened to Anonymous? Haven’t heard from them lately”
If any Anon hackers are on Reddit, here's an idea. Take down their government websites and have their pages read only these words, spoken by the 13 men who refused to surrender on Snake Island - 
"Russian warship, go fuck yourself" (Russian: 'Русский военный корабль, иди на хуй', romanized: Russkiy voyennyy korabl', idi na khuy).
Great. Maybe also attack their military networks.
Yeah they’ve said that countless times and yet they don’t do shit. They’ve managed to cause an annoyance to some groups but thats all. If they did anything really effective like interrupting military communications or internet access for the actual government they’d be terrified but as long as they just annoy them a bit they don’t have to worry to much about retaliation. They could make a difference if they weren’t so wimpy.
Oh *noes*!  That's terrible!  How will they ever gonna get their *news*?!  *H****o***W?

Whelp... I hope hackers also don't  attack the...

* Russian Banks by placing large debts on rich and removing debts from the poors.
* Russian Telecommunication by spreading gay love and some rumor about how Putin isn't really Russian at all.
* Russian Police Radio by sending them to the wrong locations and confusing reports.
* Russian Police Station database by clearing the record of the arrested protestors and let them be released as charges dropped.
* Russian Power Relay Stations by cutting off the power to the important political places.
* Russian Weather Emergency Broadcast Station by giving them a big gay superstorm warning with statement that will rain rainbow-colored dicks.
* Russian Airports by rerouting all flights to Hell, Norway.
* Russian Hotels by booking all the rooms with extra services.
* Russian Food Delveries by ordering so many sausages that Germany could faint and send them to Putin and other top men.
* Russian Hallmark service by making them send many "Thinking of you" cards to Fire Departments, Hospitals, Auto Shop, Gardeners, Health Care Services, Insurances, and some good Russian companies that deserves better than being dragged into another war.

I hope I'm not missing out any other *bad* and *terrible* ideas. Cause that would be *bad*! 🤭
If they’re going that far, what’s to stop them from essentially freezing the entire country’s currency causing massive uprisings of civilians against the government. Air and opportunity I suppose. Just a thought tho, no real data to back it up considering the civilian populace is already forming mass protests.
It’s 2022 Anonymous are the guys acting like Batmans wannabes in the DarkKnight
And it was down for a whole 5 minutes
Please update your message to the following. Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

+++AS OF NOW MALES AGED 18-60 ARE NOT ABLE TO LEAVE THE BORDERS DUE TO MARTIAL LAW. ANYONE ELSE IS OK AS FAR AS I KNOW.+++

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

proof that you no longer need visa:

• ⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua • ⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

copied from u/everysir to spread awareness! please spread on relevant threads to get the word out!!!

To add to this, there is a FB page called Georgians for Ukraine , where people in geoegia are offering asylum to Ukrainians/offering recourses. There are 3.3k people in the group, and it is post after post of people offering up their house to host people.

Edit- it's up to 4.6k now.

EDIT

A POLISH REDDITOR REACHED OUT TO ME AND TOLD ME THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE. I AM SHARING FOR VISIBILITY.

Ukrainian citizens can enter Poland with ANY form of ID. It can be passport, ID, even birth certificate of accompanying children. The document can be even expired.

This info comes directly from our border guard. We're ready to take even more than million people, the refugee centers are ready and residents of towns near border are even volunteering to take people in their homes. I would be very thankful if you include that, my comment will be not seen by as many people as yours.
When they declared war on Elon musk did anything come of that! I hope they do have a go at Russia.
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:

• ⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua

• ⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

Edit: this is a copy and paste and I encourage you all to do it too where appropriate!
Yeaaa!! anonymous is back!
Dear Ukrainians!

I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.

It's a lie.

+++AS OF NOW MALES AGED 18-60 ARE NOT ABLE TO LEAVE THE BORDERS DUE TO MARTIAL LAW. ANYONE ELSE IS OK AS FAR AS I KNOW.+++

If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.

Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.pl

Please share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.

YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!

proof that you no longer need visa:

• ⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua • ⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en

copied from u/everysir to spread awareness! please spread on relevant threads to get the word out!!!

To add to this, there is a FB page called Georgians for Ukraine , where people in geoegia are offering asylum to Ukrainians/offering recourses. There are 3.3k people in the group, and it is post after post of people offering up their house to host people.

Edit- it's up to 4.6k now.

EDIT

A POLISH REDDITOR REACHED OUT TO ME AND TOLD ME THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE. I AM SHARING FOR VISIBILITY.

Ukrainian citizens can enter Poland with ANY form of ID. It can be passport, ID, even birth certificate of accompanying children. The document can be even expired.

This info comes directly from our border guard. We're ready to take even more than million people, the refugee centers are ready and residents of towns near border are even volunteering to take people in their homes.
Can anon take that collage of dicks made into Putins face and make it the front page of the Russian website?
You can't virgin someone to death.
Thank you Anonymous.
Good.  Payback is a bitch, let the hackers be hacked themselves
Heh, this is the first time they're actually going to do something of any value whatsoever. Believe it when I see it, I dont think unemployed 4chan users can do much, they have some spirit though.
oh no! a DDOS attack - whatever will Russia do?
They should hack local TV stations and broadcast the Ukrainan President's message in all Russia.
DDoS happen all day every day all around the world. This is boring.
I’ll get downvoted to shit for saying this (mostly by the algorithms) but Anon doesn’t exist anymore like we knew them. Look how they are being used as extensions of the US intelligence branches. Since when were they ever lauded by the media? It is interesting history to me that the anon ‘leaders’ were long ago arrested by FBI and disbanded. Any action they take now is in support of our government. The current cabinet that according to polls over 65% of Americans distrust. 

Just think about the timing of stuff people, what are they trying to hide by putting so much attention on WAR.
President of USA wants to ban advertising targeted toward kids

The article title is misleading like always.  They just wanna have stronger protocols for kids on social media.
He said targeted advertising not advertising targeted towards. There is a big difference between the two. The former is data collection to profile the user and their interests and then show ads based on the learned profile while the latter is a SpongeBob SquarePants commercial. The former should definitely be banned, but the title minced the words.
That is a good idea in principle. So hard to define and enforce in reality but well worth persuing. If it ends tacky, add-stuffed, free app, micropay games for kids, all the better.
How about we start with pharma adds like the rest of the world
 Correct me if I’m wrong, but didn’t they used to have something like this in place? 

At least, there used to be a LOT more restrictions on what commercials were allowed [to air] during certain times of the day and certain TV programs for children. 

I think this is extremely important and valuable for our youth.

Edit: In addition, new implementation is really needed with access to internet and internet ads nowadays. For example the exposure of YouTube ads when children spend hours on end down YouTube rabbit holes, etc
So this already exists. There is a law called COPPA in the US that prevents websites and advertisers from collecting data on anyone under 13. In California they have the CCPA which raises that age to 18. Unless Biden considers “children” over the age of 13 I don’t know what else he wants to do. Like others have mentioned, there is a difference between targeting a specific person, and ppl in general. The difference is if knew an online user was under 13 and served them ad while they were checking the weather (example site) BECAUSE they were under 13, that’s already illegal. However, I could run ads on Cartoon Network knowing that a large portion of the viewers are under 13, but I’m not specifically targeting any individual under 13.
90% of the people in this comment section are arguing back and forth based on the headline and not the article.

I kind of hate most of you idiots.
Man Reagan really fucked the country up huh
President of USA wants to ban "**ONLINE**" advertising targeted toward kids.

In order to stop collecting personal data on children.

&#x200B;

That's the article, both headlines are clicky baity
I do wonder what effect the exaggeration, puffery and BS of ads has had overall on our culture. Young kids can't tell when ads are untrue. We eventually learn how, but equally that it's totally fine to say things are healthy when they aren't and life changing when they're just wallet draining, and so on...
Holy cow, this would be great - far too many things aimed at kids brought with them laws and regulations adults have to obey.
How is this a bad thing? And with Zuckerbot and company wanting to get kids hooked on whatever they're selling, this sounds like a perfectly logical thing to do.
This is how it is in Québec and it’s awesome.
Cool now ban medicine commercials bc that shit is weird. Medicine should be for the ppl not to make profit.
Why not ban pharmaceutical companies targeting people who watch national news
Ban all pharmaceutical ads first.
Just watching a comedy sketch about this, I found it very reasonable, we should avoid manipulative advertising to uncritical beeings.
Not sure why this should be controversial…
Advertising on avenues specifically targeted for children should be banned.  Its a disgusting practice to try brainwashing children into a consumer. Businesses that do so should face massive fines.
I’ll buy a box of Honey Nut Cheerios and sit my kids down at the table. They are almost 4 and almost 2. They’ll have no clue what this weird bowl of circles I put in front of them are so then on a tablet I fire up all the old commercials from the 90s and then they’re having the time of their lives munching away on their Cheerios.
Welcome to the 80's!

Sincerely, 

Québec
How about legislating the free to play games that get tweens and teens addicted, and entice them to spend money on loot boxes, coins, and skins
Ban stupid sports betting ads.   
Especially during general audience sporting events.
I’m not a super political type person but this is really common sense. It’s pure evil to indoctrinate children to be consumers before they can think for themselves and make well informed rational decisions.
Can we include no religious indoctrination until 18 too.
I want to ban advertising politics to adults. 

I’ll watch debates, I’ll read 3rd party articles.

Requiring a war chest of millions of dollars shouldn’t be a requisite to contend. It only invites lobbyists and special interest donations, which makes leaders beholden to their big donators if they want to get elected and get re-elected.

Citizens United has got to fucking go. Super PACs have got to go. It’s the scourge of our democracy.

Can’t advertise cigarettes because they cause cancer? Political ads funded by special interests cause cancer on our democracy.

These pussy politicians will never bring that shit up. Right and Left are both guilty.
Fun fact ...

America is one of two countries that allows pharmeceutical companies to advertise prescription drugs publicly.

Ban that, you old fart bag.
How about we just ban all advertising? That would actually make the world a better place
Great! Please ban all push-advertising. 

And the default on credit card and insurance offers should be that we DON’T want them. We opt out by default. Stop all “junk mail”.
Did he talk about the housing crisis and how mega corporations are buying up all the properties? Some even foreign companies. Rent in my state has gone up 30 fucking percent in a year. We are ready to fucking riot.
Many countries do that. Ads for kids are abusive
[removed]
Ban all advertising that is based on siphoned and profiled data regardless of age
Can we start with prescription drugs too?
Can we ban prescription drug advertisements as well while we are at it?
The better thing to ban would be advertising of pharmaceutical drugs.
In Quebec, kids targeted advertising has been “illegal” for years (pre Internet). Is it feasable today?
You’d have to give control of kids programming back to creatives and not board rooms
While youre at it get rid of medication ads
I'd happily volunteer to not have ads targeted toward me.
Healthcare pls
Norway has a similar law, no advertising directed at children under the age of 18. You never see commercials for toys or anything else marketed for kids unless it's sent via another country like the channel  "CartoonNetwork" was or is.  Same rules apply for tobacco and alcohol, complete ban against them.
Military recruitment included?
Will this include all the military ads that play like a video game commercial and are literally placed around schools
Already a thing in EU with GDPR. So this is good news
About fucking time
It’s about time!!!
Ban tic tok advertising pharma meds to impressionable youth


Disgusting
Finally, they can advertise NERF guns for the intended audience, 35 year old adults!
Good we should, fuck Reagan and his deregulation
Lol Jesus is there any sub the white victimhood MAGA loser brigade don’t find their way into?
[deleted]
I agree, I don’t let my toddler watch any ads or commercials. I want my student loans gone so I can afford to buy a home for my family.
If it’s bad for kids, it’s bad for adults.
Remember when they tried to stop advertisers from turning up the volume on commercials? Nada.
Honestly, one of the best things he has announced furing his presidency. I think he's starting to turn over a new leaf. Marketing projects consist of numerous teams of workers and psychologists aimed to manipulate and influence younger children and it boils my blood.
Didn't they already do this decades ago, it worked well, and then businesses dismantled it through lobbying or loopholes?
Let’s ban pharmaceutical advertisers while we are at it!
I would be happy to significantly curb all advertising. We don’t need adds everywhere.
Now do adults.
I'd like to ban penis ads during morning and afternoon sports games that children watch. My son has had to hear about long lasting erections since he was a toddler and he gets it already. Just stop!
Can't believe this hasn't already been done 30 years ago. Shame for America.
While we’re at it let’s ban Cocomelon too. That shit is poison
Can we also ban advertising by pharmaceutical companies?
Social media needs to be tightened down hard for anyone under 18. It pollutes minds and ruins generations.
Ban it all together
Can we just ban ads in general
Then ban random loot boxes.
Even if the headline was true that'd be an amazing thing. Fuck advertising company vampires.
Ban student loan debt. This is bullshit.
I’ll buy this when all media sources are held to a standard where they can’t report bogus stories for views. That’s far more damaging to this country. Fox News, CNN and etc all do it.
ah surely this will include for-profit colleges and predatory student loans
Hopefully the first of many bans regarding advertising
Ban advertising. Period.
Let's ban all advertising 😎
Y’all really piss me off with such blatant misinformation. Like do you think we are incapable of clicking the article *you provided*?
 
He wants to ban “targeted ads” to kids, in the sense of tracking user information and building a profile to push ads to.
 
This is different than ads targeted towards kids. He’s not trying to pull ads for the newest hot wheels car, Bratz doll, or whatever cartoons are popular.
If it actually gets passed it’s a massive step towards the right direction
Fix the headline so it's accurate, please.

It's online advertising specifically and it's to prevent data mining of children.
Not exactly that
Thats a shit headline.  Its not ads targeting kids its targeted advertising which is super fucking different.
If Reddit was half as verbal about net neutrality as they are about Star Wars Battlefront II, then we could stop ISP's and the FCC
All it takes is one call. It's our internet. 

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

**https://www.battleforthenet.com/**

EDIT: thank you for my first gold(s) kind strangers. All I want is for people to be aware and take action, not spend money on me.
I'm constantly seeing people post about the FCC's plan to kill Net Neutrality. We've been fighting for years. SOPA, etc.  Reddit has probably been more than double as vocal about it than this whole SW:BF2 thing, which was more like a quick outrage.  

Key difference is this: EA is dependent upon customers purchasing their products. Pai is dependent upon the telecom's "donating" to him. It's a much harder fight.  

Edit: thank you kind stranger for popping my gold cherry.
Seriously this is no joke you guys need to get up on this shit this is the future of our lives. Ive called and emailed my state representative about the problem. PLEASE help us.
Reddit is as vocal on both subjects.

EA listens to Reddit because of a large part of their fan base uses it. 

Government ain't givin' no shits. 
You act like politicians listen to their constituents outside of Election Year
To be honest, I'm pretty sure that Reddit is *exactly* as vocal about net neutrality as they are about Star Wars Battlefront II. The problem isn't that people aren't vocal, the problem is that the FCC doesn't care.
You guys are going about this all wrong. Instead of berating the people who you want on board with your cause, try appealing to them. 


Be more than just the "we really need net neutrality" guys. Garner popular support with memes or something. PhotoShop the FCC chair's face onto a picture of Palpatine or whatever. Draw attention instead of being passive-aggressive and saying that people don't care enough.
[removed]
If the fight for net neutrality hadn't been going on and on for years, Reddit would probably be more engaged.
Battling EA was a world wide effort. Less than half of reddit is American, most of us can do less than nothing.
Bitch, please. It's on Reddit every week. 
Again this topic, almost verbatim? 

Not all of Reddit is from USA. SW Battlefront II was an universal matter but NN is strictly about USA. It's only natural for NN to get less traction on the same platform when the target group is dwindled that much.

Not saying there isn't a little truth to this, but there's a lot more tangible action to be had in canceling preorders and calling for refunds.  We don't really have that sort of leverage with net neutrality.
People are vocal about both.  EA just still has am incentive to listen.  The FCC does not.
Boy I'm real tired of hearing this argument.
.. Reddit has been, for the past like several fuckin' years it feels like. So were various major websites, all of whom have seemingly given up giving a fuck.

I'm all for rallying the troops, but this self-deprecation bullshit is ridiculous.

Maybe we should aim more criticism and pressure at the interests and politicians that keep pushing it - about the FCC head and President who hamfistedly are ignoring the obvious pushback that has delayed the destruction of net neutrality by years as it stands.

Don't play this "lol guyz stop caring so much about this thing, care about this other thing" bullshit.
Oh yes, because people upset about BF2 can only literally be upset about one thing at a time and they're all Americans too right?
We *were* as verbal about Net Neutrality as we were about Star Wars Battlefront II. Ajit Pai just made it blatantly clear that he wasn't going to listen and unlike EA, there isn't a financial reason for him to listen to us. I've contacted my representatives and they're equally hopeless as well, likely because I live in the deep south and pro-business republicans are guaranteed to win in these parts, again, no motivation for them to bother listening to the masses.
Reddit is incredibly verbal about net neutrality. Unless you're going to run a kickstarter to counter-bribe politicians it doesn't matter what you think or what is right and logical.
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)

You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:

* https://www.eff.org/
* https://www.aclu.org/
* https://www.freepress.net/
* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/
* https://www.publicknowledge.org/
* https://www.demandprogress.org/

[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)

Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)

[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)

[Add a comment to the repeal here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC)

[Here's an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver](http://www.gofccyourself.com)

[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps

[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.

Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties at it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.

*If you would like to contribute to the text in this bot's posts, [please edit this file](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/src/resources/message.txt) on github.*

	 
	 
-/u/NetNeutralityBot
	 
	 
[Contact Developer](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=tylerbrockett) | [Bot Code](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit) | [Readme](https://github.com/tylerbrockett/NetNeutralityBot-Reddit/blob/master/README.md)

Will this affect Brazil? Is there something I can help with without living in the us? 
If my isp tries to force loot boxes for the content I get then they have a fight coming!
Maybe if the panic button wasn’t hit every single day, people would be more motivated to act.
Yeah, because the FCC gives two fucks about reddit. The government has proven time and again over the last few decades that all it cares about is big, fat sacks of cash.
Are you fucking serious? Every other post on this site is about net neutrality.
government should fear its people.

how does one make government fear its people?

[hint: it's not telephone calls from angry constituents when the average margin of victory in the house is 35.8%](https://ballotpedia.org/Margin_of_victory_analysis_for_the_2014_congressional_elections)
This is all such bullshit.

I'm sorry, but, basically... nothing you do or say makes a difference. You're not going to convince your congressman to change their mind. They know what net neutrality is, they get it, they don't care. They're going to sell you out because that's what they do. It's party first. 

They don't fucking care.

If there's an R next to their name, they're voting with the money. Period. You're not going to change their minds.

You need to vote them the fuck out.
I'm not going lie, this is the most pissy ass US-based post I've ever seen. I hope you guys manage your fight for net neutral because your government is fucking trash and the internet has been declared a basic human right by UN, but you've got to fucking realise that not everyone who uses this site lives in your dystopian reality. 

Here in Europe we're fighting against micro transactions because we're disgusted at the anti-consumer rhetoric that is being peddled. We have skin in this game, obviously, because the internet is global, but we have hard regulations to preserve net neutrality where we live, and it's not going to be as easily altered as it is in the US. Reddit is a global site, as is the rest of the internet. Stop pretending otherwise. 
As a Canadian citizen should I care? Can I do something to help?
Yes we know it's been posted a thousand times already.
I think you fail to understand how things work. If thousands, or maybe hundreds of thousands, of people express disgust and disinterest in a game and tens of thousands suddenly return the game over a weekend then a company can see that shit hit the fan and change tactics. 

If you think the government gives two shits what you think then you haven't been paying attention. They are going to take your money either way. You are not the customer, you are the product. The customer is the corporations and lobbyist buying the votes they want to have greater control over us. 

That said, I am not saying we should give up or stop trying. I email, I call, I write and vote. But I also know it isn't at all the same. 
You know what the difference between the two is? 

Protesting Battlefront = "Don't buy it, tell your friends not to buy it, call the developers out on their shit when they post on Reddit."


Protesting Net Neutrality =  Calling a government organization that is corrupt, leaving comments on their site which will be removed, calling Congressmen and Senators who don't give a fuck what you say, welcome to Murica, land of the free to be corrupt.



They are not even by a LONG shot the same.


Edit: For the record, I'm not saying you shouldn't protest Net Neutrality, but I'm really tired of seeing posts on Reddit of people going "Well if people cared as much about _____ as they did Battlefront...."
we did. repeatedly.
I'm all for civic engagement, but the horse is out of the barn here. The FCC head has shown beyond a shadow of a doubt that he doesn't give a rat's ass what the average redditor thinks.

The time to act was a year ago by voting for Clinton even if you had to swallow your pride to do it. **Elections have consequences.** Try to remember this a year from now when "your" candidate loses the primary and you think that voting your "conscience" is viable option. 
If all people had to do is complain about NN going away, it would have been secured by now.
Also a point — internationally, everyone hates EA, but only Americans care about net neutrality because your government sucks.
Really? One is a private company that needs us to voluntarily spend our money on their products and services. The other is a government agency that we have little control over. All I can do is vote and support causes that affect politics, but it's no the same.
Because we actually stood a slim chance against EA.

There's no way in hell we can do anything against the FCC and corporate money. With a Republican majority and representatives that don't give a flying fuck about what we want, this is not something keyboard warriors are going to be able to solve. This is on a whole other level. Not like we can boycott ISPs.

Honestly, the death of net neutrality is already a done deal. The final vote is all that remains, and we already knew how it's going to go. We lost net neutrality the moment Trump was elected and Republicans got a majority in Congress.
The difference is USA(not America) vs the rest of the world. USA is not the world. This is why reddit is not as verbal about a country specific issue.
People keep posting this argument and it's dumb. Reddit has been up in arms about this from day one, not to mention that this is a purely American problem at the moment. Europe just went through this last year - and [won](https://www.theverge.com/2016/8/30/12707590/eu-net-neutrality-rules-final-guidelines-berec). BF2 is something releasing worldwide that we all can decide not to buy, but this NN battle isn't something everyone, especially us outside of the US, can participate in, not to mention that the ones in charge of this particular campaign don't care what their customers are saying, unlike EA.
Net Neutrality is an important issue.

So not to detract from the importance of it. But Battlefront II was a world wide problem.

It's not the problem of the rest of the world that Americans have such a shitty and corrupt government and agencies that are run by former telecom employees.

EU guaranteed net neutrality.

Canada guaranteed net neutrality.

What the fuck is wrong in the USA?
stop with this circlejerk, it's annoying

reddit has been plenty vocal about net neutrality for years

reddit has been mad at ea for a couple days
Dear OP /u/boredomis_real. Reddit isn't just American. Don't be an arrogant stereotype. 
What are you talking about? It's all over Reddit just as much as BF2. 
Reddit was exactly as loud about NN as it was for BF2. I get you’re trying to shame people into action but acting like the NN phase wasn’t just as obnoxious and permeating is silly 
The key difference being that the government doesn't give two shits about your opinions and merely acts like they're listening to make you feel like you've got a say and are democratically voting. 

They will pass it through. The last time the whole debate was happening they actually employed fake commenters and opinions to try and make it seemed justified if they suddenly went against everyone's (real people's) opinions. 
Doesn't work like that, our voices are meaningless
Year after year we internet citizens all "protest" and the government still does whatever tf they want. It's like we don't have the money to buy them...
Except the government doesn't care about it's stock price or profits
Politicians don't care because they are getting campaign donations. This is a lost cause sadly.
As a non-American, can I help?
[deleted]
I'm sorry what? Reddit has been crying nonstop about net neutrality for years.
Because half of reddit are not americans and zero shit is given.
How much does this actually matter?  Which state rep actually looks at his emails himself?  How much does that change in compassion to the $$ from comcast/other ISP/Cable companies? 
I just sent a letter to my representative and two senators asking to keep net neutrality, I feel like such a good U.S. citizen 😊
I gave my up vote for both causes. What else do you want? 
This is bad analogy. Not all Reddit users are from US. I know we still need to care about this issue. But, the solution which is to call the local representatives is ridiculous from people outside US. :)
Ajit Pai isn't going to change his mind based on what the internet thinks. Elections matter, next time fucking vote.
Star Wars thing affects people around the world. As a european, there is nothing I can do, nor does it really affect me. That's why the Star Wars thing was bigger
You have to remember that while most of reddits demographic is american there just as many non-americans who can't do anything to help your shitty goverment situation.
Or if reddit was half as for free speech as they are about net neutrality, I would give a shit. 
Thats such bullshit. Reddit has been bitching about net neutrality for years. Fuck off.
Cue the fear mongering. I must have scene a topic with this exact title like 5 times on /r/all over the last several days. Stop astroturfing.
Fighting EA was a matter of bitching on the internet. That’s what redditors are good it. It’s what they train for. 

Net neutrality requires actually getting off your cyber ass and going one step further. That’s just way too much to ask the average redditor. 
Call now but also call Monday.

Went through around 8 individuals with only one having the ability to leave a message. Most had full mailboxes and the other few didn't have the option.

I will be calling again on a business day.
Can the FCC just get this over with so you guys can shut up
One is private individuals complaining about a privately held companies decisions on a highly anticipated game.

One is private individuals trying to get the government to control a privately held company to do what they want.

One of those is good, the other is authoritarian.

For the third time. Are ISPs the ones claiming to package it like cable and censor opposing data? Or are we making that up? 

They are just as vocal, this stuff is on the front page all the time.
If we lose net neutrality you won't be able to afford to play multiplayer games online or much of any newer games, multiplayer or not. When a game has a 1 gig patch on release day you won't be able to afford the DL.
Except we have been. Multiple times. People were just as riled up about the net neutrality the first time as everyone was about SWBF2. But time has beaten us down, and many people are tired of putting up a fight. The battle for the net is a much harder and grueling battle than the one for battlefront. We're talking about a video game company vs a government agency. Who do you think will listen to their audience? One who needs their audience to like their games so they buy them and make money to stay successful as a company? Or one who can make any choice they want and their citizens have to suffer with almost no repercussions?
As a Canadian watching all this happen, I am scared for you guys! 
What happens down there very well could trickle up here. 
Good luck...
Wrote my congresswoman and senators again today. Will probably call when I have a break from work. The passing of H. J. Res 111 was disgraceful and demonstrates the new Republican philosophy of fucking over average citizens. 
This title is bullshit.

Reddit has been railing against all the bills trying to remove net neutrality for years. These bills have been defeated several times. The power dynamic is completely different between the two. In the case of battlefront a negative public opinion directly reduces the bottom line. In the case of politics, even if we succeed there's always some lobbyist in the wings with more money to get a bill back on the floor.

By all means, fight for net neutrality, and fight hard, but calling people out for caring about other things as well is childish.
Anyone that is pissed off about the possibility of losing net neutrality but voted for Trump can go fuck yourselves.  We wouldn't be in this spot with a democratic president or congress. 
I was told to keep out of American laws by Americans on reddit.
You know... Swbf is a  "worldwide" issue, net neutrality isn't...
What you don't understand is that the issue with Star Wars Battlefront II affects everybody worldwide, whereas the FCC is only relevant to Americans, which could also explain why less people on Reddit care about it (even though I know that Americans make up the biggest demographic on this website).
Maybe your forgetting that not the whole of reddit lives in the corruptable US? The difference is that Battlefront 2 is global and net neutrality is not under threat in my country in Europe. 

Actually, it's pretty much guaranteed. 

Why should I be calling my 'state rep'?
Your big problem is that it doesn't directly affect all of Reddit like the EA thing.  
This affects America. Not the world.  
  
Now don't get me wrong; I completely understand that if this goes through it will set a benchmark that other countries will try to follow. And I directly try to fight it here in Australia when they do bring things like this into play.  
  
But I can only contribute my up votes.  
  
Sorry.
What can non-Americans do?
ResistBot is the most efficient way to contact your Senators, Reps, Governor, and the President. Text "resist" to "504-09” to Fight for Net Neutrality

They will ask for your name and other info to contact your respective state officials via fax, letters, and email.

Here is a great message you can send:

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

ResistBot is run by an all-volunteer non-profit by and for patriotic Americans who want to have their voices heard. ResistBot is completely free to use! But, they pay for postage, faxes, and hosting with donations from users like you.

Every dollar funds 100 messages to Congress. Please donate if you want to keep ResistBot going: https://resistbot.io/donate/

Feel free to copy my post and spread to the masses!
[removed]
Battlefront II affects all of us, net neutrality only affects the US. The US, while being home to the vast majority of users, is not the home of the entire reddit userbase
I'm getting a little tired of hearing this argument.

People have been talking about EA for a couple weeks with about the same frequency as NN... but NN has been discussed for YEARS, and has dominated the front page time after time. First during SOPA PIPA, then during CISPA, and again when NN was overruled in the DC circuit courts, and again when we thought Wheeler was going to allow "fast lanes", and again when Ajit Pai was appointed to chair...

So please stop talking like people care more about EA. They don't.
What can I do if I'm not in the US?
The problem is: The problem with Star Wars Battlefront II is a problem that every potential customer of this game faces. And internationally there is exactly one culprit: EA Games.

Net neutrality is a problem for which the organisation behind and perhaps the solution is different for each country. So it is much harder to build a unified front. I, for example, do not live in the USA, so the FCC is not the culprit for *me* to attack. In this sense - though I consider net neutrality as a serious issue - your link 

https://www.battleforthenet.com/

is simply not relevant to me.

This is a cute meme and all but it's not true.

EA, as disgusting as a corporation can get, is still driven by customers and purchasing power.  That's why we can get results.

Senators are paid by donors and lobbyists.  They could give a flying fuck about losing our votes at this point.  That's why it's not as simple as "you're not angry enough.". Reddit's outrage about net neutrality has arguably been the most important in keeping it so far.  But eventually they will just say "fuck it" and force us to accept what they are getting paid to accomplish.

Maybe if they changed the name from "net neutrality" to "Star wars: the empire destroys the internet" it might help.
Majority of us live in cities or other countries.  This is simple statistics.  Majority of cities are democrats who openly oppose Republicans killing the internet.

People in other countries don't care the US is killing the internet for Americans, they pity us.

Everyones voice/wallet around the world actually matters for battlefront instead of the minority rule we have running our government
Net neutrality as it stands is an American problem, battlefront was global.
No you won't stop anything, unless you have a few billion to lobby your officials with. 

Certain cashed up interests are determined to pass this, and they will keep pushing it until it passes. I see no real opposition.  It is therefore going to pass. 
There were 22million comments on the FCC website about this. The problem isn't more people, it's that they don't give a shit about what the people want. This is the same government that allowed ISP's to sell our browsing history which literally nobody wanted. 
People in other countries cared enough about Star Wars, not so much about what goes on in loonyland.
Sometimes you just aren’t the majority. 

It isn’t conspiracy or corruption or ignorance. The majority of people just disagree with you, or possibly they don’t share your concern. 
You guys are still bitching about this?
I've done everything in my power to fight this, but unfortunately I believe that the U.S. government is just too corrupt to care.  Therefore if we do end up losing this battle, know that we continue on to win the war.  Don't let these scumbag elected puppets forget that there are consequences to their actions, and that money doesn't grant them immunity or immortality.
A lot of the problem is that we have killed this numerous times before and it keeps coming back, like a regulatory capture zombie.  We can't win.  If we kill it this time, they'll just figure out a way to pass it next time.  They are going to make bank on this, everyone the congressman, lobbyists, and corporations.  They won't give up until it's done.  
What!?! Seriously people have been quite vocal about this. Enough so that the FCC basically doxxed it's own site with fake signatures.
Reddit isn’t verbal about net neutrality? Is this bizarro world?
I would but I live in Australia!

Stop being lazy you fat Americans
Because Reddit has so much paid political propaganda astroturfing.... the position of hating Trump and pumping up sexual assault allegations pisses off so many people. Needs to be more neutral and you'd get more interest
Net neutrality is an American problem though. Star wars was a global problem. I know what happens in America will affect us in some way, but it is what it is. 
The thing is, we can feel what  EA is doing to us right this instant. we know what EA is up too, we have seen it time and time again and we know how it feels.

We have no idea what net neutrality will feel like when it gets revoked. We don't know how it'll feel, we don't know how it will look, we only know whats being predicted and the already annoying, illegal throttling comcast is doing now.

We fight EA because we know what the monster is, fighting for Net Neutrality is like swinging punches in the dark. We have no idea if its doing anything.
Doesn't this just keep happening every year or so? Eventually we will give up. :-( 

Send unfair they can keep proposing the changes.
Its not the same thing. EA changed their tune because it started to cost them a lot of money, ISPs don't lose anything just from popular backlash. So what if instead, we all stopped paying for our internet?
Idk much about the issue of net neutrality, but I don't believe this statement is correct. The reason why the battlefront thing is so successful is because it is causing people to not buy a product. I don't think net neutrality would be affected at all if we had 8x as many people being verbal about it. There doesn't seem to be any product that can be boycotted is my point.
people that think we're not fighting against net neutrality are either idiots, dishonest, karma whoring, or joined Reddit yesterday. So fucking stupid.
Is this a fucking joke?  I have seen nonstop post about net neutrality for months
I thought the url was "battlefront net . com", which would have been awesome.
Professor Barnhardt: There must be alternatives. You must have some technology that could solve our problem.

Klaatu: Your problem is not technology. The problem is you. You lack the will to change.

Professor Barnhardt: Then help us change.

Klaatu: I cannot change your nature. You treat the world as you treat each other.

Professor Barnhardt: But every civilization reaches a crisis point eventually.

Klaatu: Most of them don't make it.

Professor Barnhardt: Yours did. How?

Klaatu: Our sun was dying. We had to evolve in order to survive.

Professor Barnhardt: So it was only when your world was threated with destruction that you became what you are now.

Klaatu: Yes.

Professor Barnhardt: Well that's where we are. You say we're on the brink of destruction and you're right. **But it's only on the brink that people find the will to change. Only at the precipice do we evolve.** This is our moment. Don't take it from us, we are close to an answer.
But...... EA is the devil amirite guys.......gimme karma.....
...for another few months before the vote was called again.
THEY DON’T CARE.  They don’t care about the spam comments left by dead people, they don’t care about what the public thinks, they don’t give a shit about anything except lining their own pockets with telecom lobbying bucks.

It’s nothing like the EA situation.  EA needs this game to sell.  They need customers to want the game.  The FCC dickheads are in the back pocket of a group whose interests are diametrically opposed to customers.  There is no comparison.  They’ll keep pushing this shit and pushing it and pushing it and they’ll just ram it through anyway regardless of what anyone thinks.

We’re all outraged.  We’re all trying to fight this shit (well, Americans anyway).  But there’s so many shitbags who will sell their country down the road just to piss off “the libs” or make a buck that I don’t even fucking know what’s going to happen any more.
Not everyone on Reddit is American and thus not everyone cares
Need to word net neutrality in similar terms as pay to win. Then they'd all help out. 
Because net neutrality isn't as black and white as you act like it is. There are people that see the good and the bad on both sides. The star wars thing was all bad for gamers. Absolutely nothing good about it when it came to gaming. 

I see it like this. Capitalism is why changes and a light are starting to appear when it comes to video games and the industry. When you hand things over to the government that's where it really has a chance to be untouchable and go to crud. If companies try and pull this stuff that preach doom and gloom constantly about net neutrality even though almost none of it has ever been tried and is all hypothetical you make changes with your wallet and the companies will come around. Kind of how every cell carrier now carries an unlimited plan again. They tried pulling some crap. Smaller companies took advantage of it in Sprint and T-Mobile and wouldn't you know att and Verizon had to play along or bleed subscribers terribly. I worked for Verizon for the two years before they went to unlimited plans. They were freaking out as more and more people switched carriers. When the government hands out regulations and has control it will take moving mountains to get anything changed that you begin to not like. 

That is why I myself am on the fence about net neutrality and maybe leaning towards getting rid of it. 
You have a few groups involved.  One group sees the bad that can happen, which is fairly realistic as we know the big ISPs involved took a massive hit from their other subscription services also known as cord cutters, and have gone on to use services that stream through the internet... We know they want their lost revenue back, even if it means fucking the people over at all costs.

You have a group of people that think ISPs will behave themselves like they "promised"

And you have a group that believes the internet was never regulated before, so there won't be any change.

And you have a fairly large group that really don't give two shits as long as they can read email, use Facebook, and see cute cat pictures on the internet.
It's sad to say but no matter what we do, it won't change it.  

I see posts about net neutrality on the front page of several subs all the time, full with thousands of people talking about how they've called/emailed/etc. 

After all of these posts and several hundreds of thousands of up votes and people "doing their part" I just don't think it will have any effect. 
Thank you for saying this u/Boredomis_real couldn't agree more. I'm happy to see this make it to the top of my front page. 

I've been posting net neutrality,  battleforthenet, and FCC links/articles on my FB page as much as possible and I know people are seeing it. I'll get more than 20 'likes' and emojis on a food pic, but only 1-3, if I get any at all when posting actual informative content. 

Everyone wants to get hyped up for things like the battlefront game controversy because it's star wars, but the reality is reddit feeds and any articles slamming things like corporate greed in the future will be 'exclusive content' if this shit passes.
Literally the entire internet will be microtransactions if we lose this battle and freedom of information, speech, and choice.  
Where is the dark army when you need them. Mr robot get your shit together! 
Ajit Pai gives 0 shits about how loud we are and is taking care of the corporations he represents...and the only people who can stop him are also representing the corporate donations that paid for the campaign that put them in office.
Stop being dramatic lol wtf
Cause net neutrality is just an American issue and not all of Reddit is American 
Net neutrality in the US is purely in the US, the video game is world wide.  Thinking all of reddit is American is kind of silly.  Of course not as many people care about your cause or can even affect your issue. 
I'd love to call my State Representative, but I don't have one, I'm not American. 

Reddit isn't a solely US used site, there is very little point / ability for people overseas to make a meaningful impact. Compared to the EA mess, EA does affect people internationally, and we are actually able to directly influence their opinions, ish. 

I really hope you folks make sure the FCC steps down here, but apart from hoping there isn't much I can do.
Can I help even if I'm from Canada?
This is my first time writing to my Representatives. I wish I didn’t have to do it, but ten minutes of my life to hopefully be heard is more than worth it. 
This is so much more important than the second amendment defense. This is the actual transfer of information to the public that is being out at risk
After inputting your zip code, it connects easily to any pertinent officials to leave a vice recording, and immediately dials the next.  Be prepared with a list of short talking points, be courteous.
To force a companies hand - inaction works (don't buy their stuff)

To force a governments hand - action works(vote, make your voice heard)
wow so proud
Why are people equating the two? I can agree to not buy BF2 but Im stuck with the internet provider I have. Just because you kick a fuss on the internet for this, doesn't mean a damn thing.

I agree that we should have net neutrality, but guys do you think they care if we all hop onto a website and yell?
Cos everyone on reddit is American
US problem vs World problem................. at which point you Americans are actually realizing that you are not the world?
No Net Neutrality = Internet Paid DLC
Fighting for something so key to our lives gets old after the 15th fight. I wish people would simply get smarter and quit voting for these fuckheads 
Fucking EXACTLY. I commented this yesterday on a Star Wars post and got downvoted. LETS USE OUR VOICES PEOPLE. 
Foregen.org
I can choose not to buy the game. I can't just give up my isp.
I'm not from America, but how can I help? 
Anything non-americans can do?
People make a lot of posts about net neutrality but nobody ever mentions how to help. 
In my opinion the reason people aren't concerned about this is the second that it goes into effect, or an announcement warning of the changes occurs, the public backlash will be so bad that they'll change it.

There will be massive backlash believe me.
Literally nothing can be done about net neutrality. It's a decision being made with no regard for our opinions on it, regardless of the outcome. Battlefront 2 though can be made to change.  Though I don't think it will. 
People get more upset and involved over the color of a lightsaber or a sports star kneeling than anything that has ever gone across a senators desk. 
Would be great if it were true.

Congress does not care what you think.

Research done over the past few decades shows that the laws passed only align with the opinions of the elite.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ru0a0BBqWM
If all I️t took was Reddit being pissed we wouldn’t be in this situation.

It’s completely out of our hands now
Wrong. Reddit has been incredibly verbal about each threat to net neutrality every time one has come up. 

What effect did it have beyond pushing it back a couple months?

The men with money will keep bringing it back until they push it through. It's one of the greatest demonstrations of the oligarchic kleptocracy that exists behind the veil of democracy in this country.
How can I post this to r/all ?
Ehh, not really man. The government gets its revenue from taxes, not from capital purchase. They give even less of a shit what we think than EA. Phone calls don't do shit. Voting, meanwhile...
let's get ignored, people!
is net neutrality only an issue in the US atm?
so what can us foreigners do to assist? 
Credit to u/elinordash 
>Hi, my name is [NAME] and I'm a concerned customer from [Town]. I'm calling to express my disapproval that the FCC is trying to kill net neutrality and the strong Title II oversight of Internet Service Providers. Preserving an open internet is crucial for fair and equal access to the resources and information available on it. [Optional: Explain why net neutrality is personally important to you or your work] Thank you for your time and attention. [IF LEAVING A VOICEMAIL: please leave your full street address to ensure your call is tallied]
Find your reps: https://5calls.org/issue/demand-fcc-net-neutrality

 If you call your Senator (5 calls should give you the number after your Rep) you can also express your dislike of the new tax bill.  The bill has already passed the House and is now in the Senate:
>I'm calling to express my opposition to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It is clear this bill is designed to benefit the ultra-wealthy and corporations while providing minimal benefits to most middle-class households. The bill will also create a massive revenue deficit, which will force immediate cuts to programs like Medicare. 

Don't be discouraged by form emails and canned responses over the phone!  They tally all contact for and against and members of Congress do sometimes change their vote based on outcry from their district.
It's a lot easier for people to not buy a game than it is for people to not buy internet. ISP's laugh anytime someone says they are gonna stand up against them (rubs nipples). 
I guess I’m the only one bummed out that no one wants to organize over this tax plan. This shit’s going to ruin the country.
[deleted]
So all the other times there was a vote against net neutrality Reddit didn't do its part? 
Haven't we already done this shit like 4 times over the last few years? The internet is going to be destroyed sooner or later. 
I feel like this is a misdirection from EA to weave us into net neutrality instead of focusing more to EA
If I am outside the USA or not American, how can I help?
Canadian here. What can I do to help? 
Reddit's population is about 50 % US citizens. I don't think it's a stretch to say that there are literally more people concerned by BF II than the FCC. Simple as that.

Also as an outsider it's pathetic how you "fight" each political issue separately instead of focusing on the root problems. The battle for the net will never, ever be won UNLESS a major cultural shift happens towards consumer protection and the end of legalized bribery. But hey, I'm only a citizen of a country where none of this bullshit happens.
I'd help but I think you're forgetting that not all of reddit is from the USA. Us Canadians were pissed about Battlefront but locked in net neutrality already (as well as LGBT rights and soon nationwide legal marijuana). Good luck yanks, looks like you'll need it!
ResistBot is the most efficient way to contact your Senators, Reps, Governor, and the President. Text "resist" to "504-09” to Fight for Net Neutrality

They will ask for your name and other info to contact your respective state officials via fax, letters, and email.

Here is a great message you can send:

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture.

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

ResistBot is run by an all-volunteer non-profit by and for patriotic Americans who want to have their voices heard. ResistBot is completely free to use! But, they pay for postage, faxes, and hosting with donations from users like you.

Every dollar funds 100 messages to Congress. Please donate if you want to keep ResistBot going: https://resistbot.io/donate/

Feel free to copy my post and spread to the masses!
The net neutrality thing is currently only in the US. Whereas *Battlefront affects international redditors. Thus, more people seem to be more vocal about that.
So people keep saying. Seemingly forgetting that Reddit isn't a website for Americans to meetup and discuss but the whole world. B2 is releasing to the whole world. The FCC is an American collective trying to fuck with Net Neutrality.
Reddit already is REALLY god damn verbal about net neutrality. I've seen it mentioned across reddit a couple times a week for the past  few months. Subs that aren't even related to America or internet have stickied threads related to it.
I don't think you guys have realised yet, but the shitty American ISPs only affects Americans and thus only Americans can really do anything about it. EA affects ALL gamers, of which there are many on this site, and so a lot of people can actually do something about that.
Okay but they literally are? If you’ve been on Reddit AT ALL within the passed 2 years you’ve been there for the net neutrality rants. 

And this post has so many upvotes? Like everyone on Reddit has never heard of net neutrality?
maybe there is a lot of people from all over the world on reddit, not only americans
This is all good and well intentioned... but, here's the thing. The current party in power does not give a shit. We had our chance to protect net neutrality but for some reason, all reddit cared about was how bad a candidate HRC was. 

Personally, I am not wasting my time calling my senators and representatives. It is pointless. Republicans control every branch of government. If you want change, you have to change who is control - you can not change the *minds* of those that are in control.
Net neutrality is USA only, EA is a concern to people from all over the world. Makes sense that less people would care......
What can I do if I live in another country?
I really don't believe it would stop the push for the abandonment of Net Neutrality.

Between SOPA, PIPA, and every other piece of legislation we've come across that threatens the internet, that we've fought back agains, it keeps happening.

Not because we're not vocal enough, but because we don't have the money to fight against it.

In fact, the scenario you mentioned has worked before with the whole "Going Dark" protest from a couple of years ago, but it didn't end it for good, because unlike the Battlefront Debacle, they bills aren't be pitched at us, it's being pitched to the politians who are more interested in the big cash bonus attached.
They've been working on both for about the same amount of time.  If people really want to save the internet then stop electing Republicans.  I'm sorry but this is their policy so that's the truth. Republicans will never care about net neutrality because it's antithetical to their greed and ignorance.

I've been seeing these save net neutrality links for so long that there's literally 12-13 year old kids who were born into this endless fight now posting about it. It's exhausting.  Let them fuck up the internet and something will come in it's place.  This is important but the policy will also change with a Democratically nominated FCC chairman.
This will probably get buried, but I just made a simple webpage that tells people how to contact their representatives in 5 minutes. Share it! 

[lingren.io/netneutrality](http://lingren.io/netneutrality)
Just to be clear, this is a current issue just in the US?
What can we people from Europe do for you USA? Is it possible that if USA looses net neutrality this could happen in Europe sooner or later too?
What can I do to help? I'm Canadian, so calling your Congress isn't going to carry much weight. 
I'm from Finland, is there anything I can do to help?
If reddit admins cared about network neutrality rather than claiming to wear a thin veneer of 'free speech' they ought to ban T_D, conservative, etc for promoting politicians who will be responsible for gutting network neutrality. Reddit should give no safe spaces for those who seek to harm reddit and the internet at large. 
Wow I haven't seen this 3 times already within days on the front page. First one didn't get enough traction?
Doubt it. 

Reddit is an echo chamber where most of EA's customer base can be found. 

Don't over estimate your reach 
Just say "if FCC wins then EA wins too".
I'm struggling to find the contact info of my state representative. I live in the state of Belgium.
The is neutral though, so whatever is happening with your FCC only affects American internet
Wasn't Reddit already very verbal about net neutrality and it ended up doing very little? Maybe people stopped being vocal at that point.
I still don't get why you people don't get angry. And I mean *angry* angry. 
This doesn't do shit. These situations will come again and again, in other forms.

Spamming your senators with calls will likely piss them off enough that they will care even less than they do now and vote against it to finally have their phones stop ringing. 

Seriously, the world is at a stage where our precious democratic system doesn't provide the tools for change anymore. 

I don't have an answer, though. 
But you guys are clever. 
You'll figure something out.
Literally see as many posts about this as i do for battlefront 2. No joke
You must not be on reddit much if you think people aren't verbal 
Thats because weve been fighting this shit for like 6 years and everyone is fucking sick of it 
So this is super serious but admittedly the reason net neutrality is losing traction is because we've been fighting it for like 8 years.

I was all on board with demand progress and battleforthenet and a bunch of others to stop sopa, then cispa, then the edited cispa, then the next like 4 after that. Then they started sending me 20 emails a week each about unrelated crud and I couldn't keep up. 

Hard to keep fighting something if the second we stop they'll take over.  Instead of fighting to stop them we need to fight to put solid laws into place to hold net neutrality in place. I'm assuming that's what we're doing now since we're fighting a roll back of net neutrality legislation.

I'm going to try to hop back on board fighting this thing, cause it's certainly not that I stopped caring. Funny side note though, my phone auto corrected "battleforthenet" to "battlefront".
The thing is some people don't fully understand it, also this is round 2.. This is how they get passed it, they got shut down hard the last time, but this time people are tired and move onto something else. They'll repeat it and pass it the 3rd time, unless people change the way they react when they have to voice their opinions on things more than once.
So, I call, get someone's voicemail, but it's full. Should I just wait and call later?
What can you do as foreigneer? 
That website is not trust worthy. It says nothing about the pros of net neutrality and reads like  Rebublican bullshit of "Net neutrality is trying to have the government control the internet"

When both sides are this dishonest you lose a lot of moral high ground.
Not to burst your bubble here but there is a chance that a lot of the people complaining about Battlefront aren't affected by net neutrality because^we're^not^American
I am european, how can I help?
Americans, we count on you

-Europe
Ajit Pai has said he doesn't give a shit what people think/want, he's killing net neutrality regardless. He's unaccountable, so he's gonna get what he wants.
Net neutrality is bad for users, good for big tech companies. 
The reason EA changed their stance is because they need the business and the money, the FCC doesn’t.  We need to go after Verizon, Comcast etc.  Everyone laughs and says how are we going to do that, but maybe we’ll have to go a month or two without internet 
I'm Dutch. What the fuck do you expect _me_ to do?
Problem is that to many of us, this is a US issue. Largely our politicians in the rest of the world aren't corrupt, crazy people. We all scratch out heads when we hear about another weird thing that US politicians have gotten away with. How is it that you let them get away with it?!
Is there a /r/technology equivalent that has 1) Not fucking hundreds of spam posts every day about "net neutrality" even though it only affects america 2) actual tech news?
Comcast is trying to censor our pro-net neutrality website that calls for an investigation into fake FCC comments potentially funded by the cable lobby
Fight for the Future has received [a cease and desist order](http://imgur.com/a/BI7YZ) from Comcast’s lawyers, claiming that [Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com) - a pro-net neutrality site encouraging Internet users to investigate an astroturfing campaign possibly funded by the cable lobby - violates Comcast’s "valuable intellectual property." The letter threatens legal action if the domain is not transferred to Comcast’s control.

The notice is ironic, in that it’s a perfect example of why we need Title II based net neutrality protections that ban ISPs from blocking or throttling content. 

**If the FCC’s current proposal is enacted, there would be nothing preventing Comcast from simply censoring this site -- or other sites critical of their corporate policies -- without even bothering with lawyers.**

The legal notice can be viewed [here](http://imgur.com/a/BI7YZ). It claims that [Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com) violates the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act and infringes on Comcast’s trademarks. Of course, these claims are legally baseless, since the site is clearly a form of First Amendment protected political speech and makes no attempt to impersonate Comcast. (See the case "[Bosley Medical Institute vs. Kremer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosley_Medical_Institute,_Inc._v._Kremer)" which held that a site critical of a company’s practices could not be considered trademark infringement, or the case Taubman vs. Webfeats, which decided that *sucks.com domain names—in this case taubmansucks.com—were free speech)

[Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com) criticizes the cable lobby and encourages Internet users to search the Federal Communication Commission (FCC)’s docket to check if a fake comment was submitted using their name and address to attack Title II based net neutrality protections. It has been [widely reported](https://www.bna.com/fcc-set-move-n73014451155/) that more than 450,000 of these comments have been submitted to the FCC -- and as a result of the site at [Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com), Fight for the Future [has heard](https://www.fightforthefuture.org/news/2017-05-18-fcc-ignores-growing-evidence-of-fraud-moves-ahead/) from dozens of people who say that anti-net neutrality comments were submitted using their personal information without their permission. We have connected individuals with Attorneys Generals and have called for the FCC act immediately to investigate this potential fraud.

Companies like Comcast have a long history of funding shady astroturfing operations like the one we are trying to expose with [Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com), and also a long history of engaging in censorship. This is exactly why we need net neutrality rules, and why we can’t trust companies like Comcast to just "behave" when they have abused their power time and time again.

Fight for the Future has no intention of taking down [Comcastroturf.com](http://comcastroturf.com), and we would be happy to discuss the matter with Comcast in court.

Cool, I hope the court finds in your favor.

I don't think comcastroturf is "confusingly similar" to comcast.

Also hope that this new fight is an aid rather than a hindrance to your efforts to raise awareness of net neutrality and Chairman Pai's threat to eliminate it.
we need to spread this news all over the net. Never had comcast myself thank god, but i hear the most complains in comcast.

EDIT: wow, thank you for gold whoever sent it, the OP is the one most deserving from bringing this to our attention. Just wanted to make sure we spread this everywhere. Everyone needs to understand what this MEANS as internet users.
WHY DO WE ALWAYS LET COMCAST GET AWAY WITH THIS SHIT!?

For the love of god they are one of the worst karma houdini's of the 21st century. WHY. WHY!?
[http://imgur.com/a/QdKo4](http://imgur.com/a/QdKo4)


ID
105092798121241


The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone. 


This is some bullshit. 
Well, that's usually a good indication you're on the right track.

Edit: Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
Go here to use the FCC's search engine...

https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/

You can serach by city/state, street, any part of name, etc... to see if you are there. I found my name, I did enter my own comment in favor, but no fakes for me or family. 

Its beyond obvious all the fakes as they are exactly the same. I have a common name and it came up, but not my address, and they all had the exact message and formatting as well. 


"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on..."    
 and ends with   
 "...Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone."
Looks like a bunch of John Smiths from different states all had the same opinion: 

"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone." 
[deleted]
So this reads like an auto-generated letter, this firm uses a bot to crawl the internet looking for pages with "comcast" and "xfinity" in their urls. This happened to my father with an image his web developer used on his website. 

I would be willing to bet that this will go away pretty quickly because as you point out, the claim is baseless.
I have the opposite problem. I filed but my name isn't showing any results.
*"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone."*

-Every single John Smith in the US Territories.
Through this site I found that my name was used with a fraudulent address and fake zip code. Not cool.
Just two days ago, my uncle who has Comcast was playing D&D with me and my other uncle.  He was struggling to broadcast our cameras and mics while using a simple dice-rolling program.  I had him check his speed, and he was running at 0.50 Mbps.  He disconnected and reconnected frequently.

This just started two or three days ago when Comcast sent him an email saying they are going to Retro-actively charge him for the months he should have been paying "rent" for his modem.

He bought his modem several years ago on NewEgg.  It's not even a Comcast product.

When he called them to say he wouldn't be paying a renter's fee and that it was owne by him, Comcast told him because he has a "2.0" modem that his connection will become inefficient unless he purchase a new model through them.

Just wanted to add to the pot of happiness of Comcast.
This is exactly why we need net neutrality protections that prevent ISPs like Comcast from censoring sites and controlling what we can see and do online. The only way to beat the fake comments is with real ones. This site makes it super easy to submit one with just a few clicks: [BattlefortheNet.com](https://www.battleforthenet.com/)
I still find it ironic that Comcast produces Mr Robot when Comcast = Evil Corp
This is pretty clearly a form letter from a third party hired to generically protect Comcast's intellectual property.  There is nothing in this that would lead a reasonable person to think your site is being targeted.  
Google is listing Comcastroturf.com as an attack site. Also the webfiltering at my work has it blacklisted. Do you guys have some funky stuff on there and using it to exploit people? Also I think you need to get your certificates updated.
Lawyer here.  What they're doing is pretty standard operating procedure when it comes to these sorts of cases.  They see a domain they don't like and use the scare tactic of threatening letters with lots of words like "infringement" and "illegal" thrown in to make you cave.  That doesn't mean you have broken the law, though.

However, your case is unique because of the content of the page and what the domain is.  If your domain was comcastsucks.com, it would be perfectly legal because people know that it's going to be critical of Comcast before they actually get to the site.  But with comcastroturf.com, normal people don't know what's on the site *before* they visit.  Comcastroturf could easily be a website for a Community Astroturf company (and I know that's a stretch, but think of what less tech-savvy, older people would think).  

The other half is the content, in which you are critical of Comcast by name, but only in your conclusion.  This could leave the average viewer a bit confused at to why comcast is in the domain name, since there isn't anything critical as soon as the webpage opens.

So, in their eyes, you're not being *directly* critical of Comcast in the domain or content, which they see as infringing.  In my opinion, I think this could be fair use, but it'd be a close call, and that would depend heavily on the judge that you got.  The big issue is the disconnect between the domain name and the content.  You could change the content, but at this point, I can guarantee you that they already spidered your site and have screen shots of what your page looks like when it loads.

Edit: As a follow up, lawyer up and have them send a letter claiming free speech, fair use, nonconfusing, etc.  They'll know what to do and how to do it.  Also, so long as you're not trying to profit from the site, either by selling it, raising funds through it, or promoting anything for which you get compensation (including advertising, or bartering for use of the domain), you'll be in a great position to fend this off.
Comcast is proving the point that giving ISPs this power will make them abuse it -immediately-.

"Why do you want net neutrality?"

-> that, you dimwit, is your reason.
I find it hard to believe anyone, even the dumbest of the dumb would believe killing net neutrality was a good thing... so I'm going to assume that any anti-net neutrality comments are fake. I mean, people are by and large stupid, but I don't know if they're that stupid.
Did the FCC disable their search function??? I went to www.fcc.gov/ecfs and tried to search for my name and the submit button doesn't do jack shit. 
[An Ars Technica article claims they contacted Comcast about this, and says Comcast told them they aren't pursuing the claim further.](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/05/comcast-vendor-sent-cease-and-desist-to-operator-of-anti-comcast-website/)

>Like most major brand owners, Comcast protects our company and brand names from being used improperly on the Internet by third parties. We use an established outside vendor to monitor for websites that use our name and brands without authorization, and the vendor routinely sends out notices to those sites. That is what happened here. This particular site also raised other legal issues supporting further investigation (for example, the site appears to collect personal information and has no posted privacy policy). After reviewing the site further, we do not plan additional action at this time.

Although its good news for the site, theres still some seriously shady stuff going on with seemingly fake comments posted under the names of real people. That still needs attention.
So I'm trying to use the site and search for my name but it just takes me to a blank fcc page
Tried to search. Redirected to fcc website, it loads, but nothing comes up.
Hey there! I'm a former analyst for LookingGlass, I can shed some light on this! And you'll probably want to read this; it's even worse for Comcast and LG than you think.

Comcast contracts with LookingGlass to detect and remove threats to its brand and trademark online. Normally this is done for the right reasons, either sending takedown requests to obvious cyber-squatting domains similar to the actual trademark in an attempt to trick people, or phishing scams. But, this was clearly not the case here!

Here's what happened: LG's automated crawler looks for recently-registered domain names with client trademarks in them. This crawler then sends an email to the client informing them of the domains and asking if they would like us to take action on them. Here's the key part: LG didn't just automatically submit a takedown request for this domain. Comcast was notified of this domain name, and asked that LG take it down. Uh-oh.

Most likely, takedown was approved for this domain before any content was actually uploaded to the site. But that doesn't really make a difference; this is still fair use. But it does explain that this is likely due to incompetence and ignorance of the law rather than outright malevolence. We were frequently asked to do takedown on charity sites that mentioned they had been sponsored by our clients (which they had been) just because they used Comcast's logo on the charity site. A logo placement that Comcast **paid to have on the charity's site**. Sometimes we were asked to do takedown on third-party affiliates that were corporate partners with our clients, effectively they asked us to shoot down their own site! The incompetence on parade here never failed to astound me.

However! Comcast frequently used LG as its personal corporate bullying service, so it wouldn't surprise me in the slightest if this was done with malicious intent instead of plain old dumbfuckery. I was asked to do takedown on Youtube videos because they ranked higher than Comcast's own videos in the search results, for example. So I wouldn't rule out mustache-twirling villainy. 

But the best part? In the rare instances in which an analyst would dispute a takedown request by informing the management that the content in question fell under the umbrella of fair use, they would be told to proceed anyway. It didn't matter in the slightest how shitty Comcast's case for takedown was, the client's wishes always took precedent. I personally advocated tenaciously against several takedowns of content similar to this domain, using the logic that attempting to take down the domain name would lead to a massive blowback against Comcast and LG if the person who received the notice posted it online. I linked the wikipedia page for the Streisand Effect to management, even. Didn't matter in the end most of the time, but we got lucky and never had any serious fallout. Until now! 

These notices don't do anything anyway, something I tried and failed to explain. They aren't legally binding, they aren't real cease and desist orders, they're basically nothing but a threat. But they don't even result in domains getting taken down because there's already a process for disputing a trademark in a domain name, it's called a UDRP dispute. This isn't a UDRP, and registrars and site owners know that, and they all tell LG (and rightly so) "UDRP or GTFO". But that requires a legal team to draft, and that's expensive, so let's just lie to our clients and pretend that these "takedowns" actually do something. "Best-effort", right? 

And the REALLY tragic thing? The analyst who submitted this is almost certainly getting thrown to the wolves, just for following orders. I watched it happen several times, an analyst would be crucified for doing exactly what management told them to do! Most of the analysts there wouldn't even be able to define fair use, much less catch something like this. You can't expect a SOC workforce that is almost exclusively part-timers making $18/hr (in the DC area, lel) to know these kinds of things, you have to have faith that the client knows the law and knows how things are likely to shake out. I hope it's clear now more than ever that any faith in Comcast to even approach doing the right thing is completely misplaced, which comes as a surprise to fucking nobody except for the management at LookingGlass.

To add insult to injury, LookingGlass is largely concerned with anti-phishing efforts, which is actually useful work that protects people from being defrauded and having their bank accounts emptied. That's one of the rare instances in which doing something to protect people and a company's brand are the same thing. But just to give you a dipstick as to the level of competence LookingGlass can bring to the table, LookingGlass, an anti-phishing company, was itself phished earlier this year. Someone sent a phishing email to LG asking for W-2s of every current and past employee, which were helpfully zipped up and sent off to the attacker. This resulted in several of my co-workers having their tax returns claimed by someone else before they filed, effectively stealing their tax return via identity theft as a result of this phishing scam. *LG only bothered to inform the employees that this was happening about two months after they were phished.* I received a letter in the mail after I had quit that informed me of what'd happened, and took the opportunity to up-sell me on purchasing coverage from Identity Guard Gold^tm as a helpful and easy payroll deduction! What a bargain! Thanks for giving away all of the information that someone would need to steal my identity LG, I'm really stoked to be looking over my shoulder for the rest of my fucking life! 
So it begins..
Fuck ISPs let's all just host local repeaters and build our own free internet.
You guys have to see this. I used the Comcastroturf website and searched for John Smith. [131 results](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=John%20Smith&limit=100&offset=25&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES), all done at the exact same time with the exact same message. 

There is definitely something going on here. 
I searched my name and found what seemed like a contrived response. I then searched a generic name "Fred Smith", and found the exact same response. It seems like there is strong evidence that someone programmed a bot to submit anti-net neutrality comments under fake names. 

The comment is:

"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone."
The search function on the site is directing me to a blank page? Reddit hug of death?
Wow - someone commented in my name. I hit details and it has the street address I use to register my vehicles.

Wow.
[LMAO, I guess even Mickey Mouse is angry about this](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/10511053011757)

Edit: [And batman apparently](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Bruce%20Wayne&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

[And Spiderman](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Peter%20Parker&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

[And Ironman](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Tony%20Stark&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

[And of course Bill Gates is against it](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=William%20Gates&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)

[William and Bill Gates are both against it apparently](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?filers_name=Bill%20Gates&proceedings_name=17-108&q=The%20unprecedented%20regulatory%20power%20the%20Obama%20Administration%20imposed&sort=date_disseminated,DES)
Just did a search for everyone in my immediate family, as well as my roommates, cousins, and close friends. I didn't find a single post that didn't begin with, "The unprecedented regulatory power..." This is fucking insane. 
Oh god, i tried to go to comcast.com but accidentally type ROTURF after comcast but before .com! Where can i file a complaint against this misleading website?
Not news: don't use a company's name or registered trademark in your URL unless you have a lawyer on speed dial.

Trademark law demands that you legally defend the mark, or you lose the exclusive right to it. Which means the Comcast legal department has no choice but to send everyone who mentions the word in relation to Internet services  a C&D letter. Regardless of whether it generates more bad PR or not.

ICANN has a dispute process for domain ownership. Comcast won't act on their own to block this domain, they will start a dispute with ICANN over ownership.

Your lawyer needs to successfully argue to the ICANN dispute panel that a US court would not transfer the domain and point to similar cases resolved that way. And possibly defend you in a civil suit in court, and block any motions by Comcast to temporarily disable the domain until the case is resolved.

See also:
https://ilt.eff.org/index.php/Trademark:_Domain_Names#Consumer_Criticism
This thread is being shilled hard. 
Disclaimer: I am a Comcast employee who is not paid or compensated in any way to post anything. I do not speak for the company in any way, shape or form.             
                
Comcast alum and former FCC Chair Wheeler was for Network Neutrality, and Comcast publicly supports it. Even if Network Neutrality is completely rolled back Comcast is still bound by it as a condition of their purchase of NBC for a few more years.              

If it's coming from an actual telecom, it's *far* more likely to be coming from Verizon or AT&T. Both of those have gone to court to try to get rid of Network neutrality.                     

I do not know one way or the other if the company in that letter works has Comcast as a client, but it's weird that the email letter is a legal demand that did not come from Comcast's legal team, or any apparently any legal team for that matter. Also, the phone number is a 703 area code which is Virginia, and the company is listed as headquarters in Maryland (area code 443), altho they do have an office in Virginia. Also, if Looking Glass's *former* company name was Cyvelliance, why is the old domain used for the email at the top while the new one is used at the bottom?
https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/1051157755251

Thanks, Obama.
So i just looked up my name and someone made this post in May. I absolutely didnt make this post, because I dont even understand which side "I" am arguing for. Heres the text 
"The unprecedented regulatory power the Obama Administration imposed on the internet is smothering innovation, damaging the American economy and obstructing job creation. I urge the Federal Communications Commission to end the bureaucratic regulatory overreach of the internet known as Title II and restore the bipartisan light-touch regulatory consensus that enabled the internet to flourish for more than 20 years. The plan currently under consideration at the FCC to repeal Obama's Title II power grab is a positive step forward and will help to promote a truly free and open internet for everyone. "
what should i do?
AND - (same site as B4) - Heres who in CONGRESS has been getting $$$ from Comcast and other ISPs, and how they voted on internet privacy earlier this year!!! 
https://www.opensecrets.org/datasets/house-privacy-vote-correlation
https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/filing/1051157755251

Even Barack Obama doesn't agree with himself. Sad!
For the love of fuck, **why did you use their name in your website?**

That's ASKING to get sued.  How could you do this?   
So has the FCC stopped this from working? I was able to get it to work a few hours ago but now it's broken.
Only people who have heard of that company before would ever make the connection. For most of the world, no one makes the connection. It is the "www" - "World Wide Web".
I made a comment in favor of net neutrality, but I searched and came up with no results. Should I still do the follow through?
I'm 100% in favor of your cause. And because I am about to get a lot of hate for my next comment, I want to be very clear that I'm not in favor of Comcast's political or business practices.

However, the website including Comcast in the name singles out Comcast and appears like an attack on Comcast specifically. Using their name without permission could also violate their trademark (I think/thought), though I am not a lawyer. I think it would have been smarter to use a more generalized name that doesn't single 1 ISP out since your cause is targeting all ISPs. 

Regardless, I'm happy to see an organization taking this fight and I do hope you win this fight.
> The notice is ironic, in that it’s a perfect example of why we need Title II based net neutrality protections that ban ISPs from blocking or throttling content.

I support FFTF and Net Neutrality 100%.  But this is not an example of anything that Title II based protections would solve.  Any company can send anyone a C&D and Title II shouldn't change that.   

ISPs are public utilities and real censorship on their part would be an abuse of their monopolies.

Yes, it's angering and frustrating that they try to use levers like trademark law to stop legitimate protest.  But Net Neutrality won't solve *that* problem.
This is getting confusing as all fuck. I had to read that title four times to even understand what was happening, but I know I don't like it because Comcast is literally the worst company in existence. 

I still have stress triggers over simply trying to cancel my current service to move across the country. They treated me like Brendan Dassey, they just kept asking "Ok do you have friends or family that will want this account?" or "Give us the names of the people moving into your service address".

A month later I was still being charged, they didn't put in the cancel request, I had to call two more times at which time they said they would have to *schedule* a deactivation...

Wait what? I didn't have cable tv and I was providing my own cable modem for internet, there was literally nothing for them to cancel other than deactivating their shitty inbound on that address. 

Years later I had AT&T and the dreaded day came to cancel. Friendliest guy in the world answered the call. I said I was moving, he said when, I gave the date. He said no problem, you're good to go, no questions.

That's it? What about your combo modem I was leasing?

Nope, he laughed and said "*you paid for it, should make a nice doorstop if nothing else*.

I was nearly in shock. I could not believe that I had just received service from a service company. 
Legally speaking they probably have a valid claim, but you're gonna kick their asses in the war of public opinion.
I'm confused. With what I searched, I'm seeing a lot of comments really similar to this one I'll post below. OK so I see yes internet access was re-classified as Title 2, right? But I'm reading that apparently internet service carriers weren't actually re-classified as Title 2? And I thought Title 2 was good for net neutrality, but a lot of the comments are some variant of this:

"To the FCC: With respect to the FCC's Open Internet order. I strongly ask the FCC to reverse Tom Wheeler's decision to control the Internet. Internet users, as opposed to the FCC Enforcement Bureau, ought to select which applications we desire. Tom Wheeler's decision to control the Internet is a betrayal of net neutrality. It undid a market-based system that worked very, very well for two decades with broad bipartisan backing."

Is this message one of the anti-net neutrality messages, then? 

This is where I'm reading it explained that carriers aren't even really upheld to Title 2 reclassification?? But if that were true, then idk why carriers would be seemingly causing such a stink about this Title 2 reclassification. 

Uhgh this is exhausting to look at. But I did come across many copy + paste anti-NN submissions by searching a single name. But, idk, my pro-net neutrality submission I made was from a copy/paste; however, I can't seem to find my submission now?? I swore it was on the FCC website...

Thank you for this.
As a thank you, I'm going to take it a step further and cross reference every person with my name that filed for authenticity and without judgment just to ensure it was filed by a person and not a bot.

Whether people agree with me or not, bots rob Americans of their right to vote.
We need to stop this and protect net neutrality! Do MORE than complain on the internet! Do MORE than leave a comment. Leave a public comment, contact your representatives, spread the word, make sure people understand! Join the March! Seriously, we cannot let them take net neutrality away. Look at my post history for a call to action on ways to help!
This seems pretty blatant. My name didn't come up so instead searched "John Smith" the result is 131 results all with a copy pasted paragraph advocating removal of Title2. All have different addresses in various states..basically this fraud plain and simple.
I try to stand up for em, I try to defend Comcast.  Then they do shit like this and make me feel like a dumb.  
My hometown was one of the first violators of net neutrality. Telus is an ISP in Canada and www.telusscabs.com was a site which listed people crossing the picket line to work. It was not available if your ISP was Telus.

This is exactly what net neutrality is about, if you think this is about easier access to netflix you're drinking the koolaid.

More: http://www.quebecoislibre.org/10/101015-7.html
I recently noticed that Comcast's own "How can I reduce my 1TB Data Usage" literally states to stop using "Third-Party Services". How is anything on the Internet "Third-Party"? It's like they've already drafted up the language....

Seen here: https://www.xfinity.com/support/internet/data-usage-avoid-overage-charges/

Also, Comcast has stated that all of their plans only get 1 TB Data Cap. This literally puts a price on a  'byte' of data and it's no longer equal. If you pay $10 for 1TB and I pay $50 for 1TB ? This has to be illegal in some manner. 

It's like saying; since I only drive 1 mile to work, my gas is $1 a gallon. But since you drive 10 miles to work, your gas is $10 per gallon; because you drive more. How is this not illegal?

If I'm paying for a higher 'class' of service then I should be getting MORE Data.
Comcast claims they will never disfavor content. Yeah right.
fuck comcast
Nice! Keep it up! How can we help?
Dear comcast,

Fuck you!

Sincerely,

Everyone
I hate Comcast as much as the next guy, I am very pro net neutrality, but: maybe you shouldn't have put Comcast's name on the domain?

Unless of course this controversy is exactly what you wanted to provoke, in which case you do not have my sympathy, but you have my applause.
This will probably either be lost in the comments, or downvoted into oblivion because it won't be a popular opinion, but you are seriously using a clickbait title to create a narrative that does not fit what is happening.  Regardless of any lobbying, any improper use of people's names, they sent this notice because you used the name Comcast in your domain name.  And it's very clear that containing the name Comcast in your domain name was deliberate, as you specifically mention the company direction on the front page of your site.  The name is trademarked, and they are very likely in the right here.  You would have probably been fairly safe with something like "castroturf.com" or "communicastroturf.com"... essentially something that doesn't use a full trademarked name or was somewhat ambiguous as to who it was targeted against.  Their reasoning for attempting to take your domain down might be to silence or censor you, but you've given them a ton of power from the start by using their trademarked name in your domain.
          
They should be called out for the misuse of people's information to fraudulently sway an FCC decision.  And you need to be called out for essentially lying by saying that they are only attempting to censor you, as you were in the wrong to use their name in such a way.  Both sides of the political spectrum in this regard need to start being honest.
         
I understand the hatred for Comcast, probably far better than the average person, but that doesn't mean people get to trample their rights as a company just because they aren't a positive figure in the popular opinion.
Even Obama was against his own administration apparently.  
  
Like actually, search "Barack Obama"  
  
The bots stole his name too...
First, I wanna say that net neutrality is something I think we really need, and we need to stop them from taking that away.

However, you're using Comcast's TM in your domain name. As some who has to deal with stuff all the time, that is why you have a notice from them.

Yes, it might be partly because of the net neutrality thing, but homestly, you're infringing on their intellectual rights...
Comcast probably sends out letters like that to anything using their name, and they are right to do so.  Trademark law punishes those who do not enforce their trademarks.

[Failure to actively use the mark in the lawful course of trade, or to enforce the registration in the event of infringement, may also expose the registration itself to become liable for an application for the removal from the register after a certain period of time on the grounds of "non-use".](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trademark#Maintaining_rights)  

> from Comcast’s lawyers

That part appears to be untrue.  The email says it is from a cybersecurity company.  
Thank you for standing up for Net Neutrality.  

Below is my comment.  Anyone who wants to: please feel free to take it and modify it as you see fit for your own comments!

>Dear FCC,
  I work with software for a living.  Most importantly, I build systems which rely on the internet to transfer records between systems for large domestic and international companies.  I have been using the internet since the World Wide Web was starting to become popular, back in 1993.  I was building websites before search engines, and before web advertisements, before the modern internet full of video and social media and free massive online classes from Ivy League schools was a concept.

>But even then, the web functioned on the basic principal of network neutrality.  As Tim Berners Lee, the creator of the World Wide Web put it:  
"It is of the utmost importance that, if I connect to the Internet, and you connect to the Internet, that we can then run any Internet application we want, without discrimination as to who we are or what we are doing. We pay for connection to the Net as though it were a cloud which magically delivers our packets. We may pay for a higher or a lower quality of service. We may pay for a service which has the characteristics of being good for video, or quality audio. But we each pay to connect to the Net, but no one can pay for exclusive access to me. "
http://dig.csail.mit.edu/breadcrumbs/node/132

>Despite what some lobbying efforts would have you believe, the loss of Neutrality rules isn't just a threat to the current business models of certain companies like Google, it is a threat to be basic design of the web; a design which has proven itself to be a powerful democratizing force in both the social and business realms.

>We require common carrier status when a company carries something on behalf of someone else.  UPS and FedEx are common carriers of packages they do not own from one party to another.  They are not allowed to open the packages, destroy them, or to route them poorly if they dislike the sender or the recipient.  Similarly, telephone companies have been classified as common carriers, carrying telecommunications across telecommunications infrastructure on the behalf of numerous customers.  ISPs are carrying data they generally do not own from one person over telecommunications infrastructure from one person to another, yet we are considering not regulating them as common carriers?

>The modern world has quickly become fully dependent on the internet.  In addition to social media and its impact, much of our economy is now online, many job applications are available only online, as are many government services.  Interruption of that economy in favor of certain "managed" services provided by only a single company (a user's ISP in a world with very limited competition) would be extremely risky, erecting potential barriers to entry for new companies, and impacting the free-flow of information and speech (see Telus' blocking of a union website during a labor dispute, and Comcast recently filed C&D against Comcastroturf.com, a site dedicated to discussing the bot-spamming of these very FCC public feedback notes).

>The details of Net Neutrality enforcement can be complex and should be discussed in detail over the coming years.  For examples, in reference to the pro-neutrality argument in favor of pure dumb pipes, should emergency signals receive priority when compared to video streaming from Netflix or Amazon?  That seems reasonable to me.  Should Comcast be allowed to once again throttle the download speed of competing voice calling or video streaming services in order to pressure customers into buying the Comcast-provided "managed services"?  That stinks of anti-competitive, anti-consumer behavior which should not be allowed.  But these cases should be discussed individually, not used as excuses for throwing out the very things which has given the Net its power.

>What we should not do is hand last-mile monopoly power over to broadband ISPs, where the lack of competition will easily make the "exclusive access to me" a bargaining chip for the ISP to charge the websites I access twice; shrinking the number of available websites I have access to, preventing new startups from flourishing, and generally destroying what has made the internet, and specifically the web, what is it - an open place for anyone to start a blog or a business, and for anyone else to reach that legal content without interference from a third party who is acting as a common carrier, no matter what the FCC decides to call them.

>Finally, Chairman Pai's calls for going back to the regulation of the 90's under President Clinton as a justification for removing Title II classification is exactly backwards.  Until the 2001 FCC ruling reclassifying broadband and the subsequent Brand X Supreme court case backing the FCC's authority to make such a determination, ISPs were all under title II as part of phone companies.  The internet and the web came to be and exploded through dial-up, under more restrictive rule than the current Net Neutrality rules impose.  If Chairman Pai wants to return to Clinton-era ISP regulation, then full Title II limitation would need to be imposed, including line sharing.  I don't support that, and I don't think Commissioner Pai does either.

While I don't agree with comecast I don't think there is much this site can do:

Using the ICANN Procedure

In 1999, ICANN adopted and began implementing the Uniform Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy (UDNDRP), a policy for resolution of domain name disputes. This international policy results in an arbitration of the dispute, not litigation. An action can be brought by any person who complains (referred to by ICANN as the "complainant") that:

a domain name is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the complainant has rights

the domain name owner has no rights or legitimate interests in the domain name, and

the domain name has been registered and is being used in bad faith.

I mean it does have comcast in the name, and from comcast point of view its in a bad light, so they might lose the site due to ICANN rules.
I don't think Comcast is really trying to censor you based on your site's agenda with this trademark infringement cease-and-desist letter.

Trademark infringement cease-and-desist letters are sent out all the time, irrespective of the content or agenda of the site. It's part of trademark law that a trademark owner has to defend their trademark by sending out these letters. I'm sure Comcast has hired "LookingGlass Cyber Security Solutions" or whoever to simply look for new domains registered that have the word "Comcast" in them, and these letters get sent out automatically. I could register the domain "comcasterio.com" and I'd probably get the exact letter you did.

Also, a trademark based cease-and-desist letter is not a good example of why we need net neutrality, or even a consequence of a lack of net neutrality. Trademark infringement will exist with or without net neutrality, and so by extension so will cease-and-desist letters. Nothing about net neutrality would or has prevented these letters from being sent out. If the FCC succeeds and net neutrality is stripped away, Comcast will still send you cease-and-desist letters, but probably at a slower internet speed.

As much as it may feel like censorship, it's incredibly more likely that your site was picked up by a script and you got sent this letter. Your use of their trademark is probably fair and legal, but the automated process meant to serve cease-and-desist letters isn't smart enough to know that.
If you were running an ISP on that domain they may have a point.

Since you are not, Comcast can suck it.
This is common. They won't shut you down. Or "censor" you as you claim.

It's not a perfect example of why we need net neutrality. It's an example of trademarking. That's all.
I had [posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautiful/comments/6bumjw) about Comcastroturf in the Internet is beautiful sub. It got removed for "advertisement" . Which is weird. Cause nothing about the post was an ad.
I would reply with "You want this domain? Silly you must purchase it then. $1 million please" They will negotiate it down to like $10,000. Then I would take that money and put it towards net neutrality fight. Open a new website with no comcast in the name, and add a graphic that says Comcast supports Net Neutrality (because they paid for this side).

Wonder if it would work.
I agree that we should fight for net neutrality, but you can do that without putting a company's trademarked/copyrighted name in your domain name. How else did you expect this to end? Or is this a publicity stunt?
[deleted]
Is dumping Comcast for FiOS just switching to a different evil or is Comcast worse in this regard?
Heh. That doesn't look like lawyers, that looks like a "cyber security" company. What I think happened is that their system found a domain containing the string Comcast, and automatically (or maybe with *very* cursory human review) sent that e-mail. (Note how the signature is missing a name, but has a title of "cyber threat analyst").

Of course, that incompetent company did the best thing that could have happened to you by triggering the Streisand effect. Comcast is not going to be happy.

Also, that company (or their parent company) seems to be proud to feed data to the NSA according to the [Cyveillance Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyveillance), so them fucking up like that and probably getting a major customer to be unhappy with them is really nice news too.

I predict that Comcast will apologize soon for the "unfortunate oversight" by the automated tools of their vendor (not because they're sorry, of course, but because they want to do damage control). At least that's what they would do if they were smart.

**Edit**: Oh, look... [this is what happened previously when this company was sending out cease-and-desist letters](http://ausdroid.net/2014/07/05/qualcomm-retracts-dmca-takedown-request-apologises-involved/)... ([archived DMCA note](http://web.archive.org/web/20160726215509/https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2014-07-02-Qualcomm.md))
I hope this company gets broken up.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Mirroring the site would be easy-peasy. Spain, Sweden, Germany and other countries would be better hosts. They won't let the US's Extremist Pro-Business IP laws influence freedom of speech in their countries. Sometimes, it's better to host in a nation that won't cower to threats from US companies.
  
Edit: grammar
Comcast trying to censor the webpage of an organization whose fighting to protect the public from being censored by them. 

Wow
Is there any way I can support you guys (non-American & living in Europe)?
Every major company will send a cease and desist letter if you register a domain with their name. It is most likely an automated thing by a monitoring service. 
#ComcastAreCrooks
a message from [comcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMcny_pixDw)
Just register an llc called comcastro turf company. And then register the domain.
Counter offer:

You pay **us** $50million in a "private" settlement or else you will be forced to take us to court in order to show you are active in protecting you IP, and become embroiled in a public fight that demonstrates specifically why net neutrality is so critical.
Comcast still doing their best to be literally hitler
Comcast is currently the worst company in existence, epitomizing the standard of corporate greed. 
Does this website only search comments that might be fake? Inputting my name isn't bringing up a comment I actually did make on FCCs website. It only brings up a comment from someone in another state that had the same name as me, which is the boilerplate comment that is suggested as being faked.
WHAT ARE WE DOING TO STOP THE END OF NET NEUTRALITY?!

This is a great step, but so much more needs to be done. Why are we not taking this to the streets! LETS HAVE A SIT IN AT EVERY LOCAL COMCAST OFFICE!
[Look at this crock of shit from their own wesbite](http://archive.is/jhCoN)

"We support an open internet" my ass.
Thanks for this! I found fake FCC comments under my name with this site... it's frustrating to see someone use your name to support a platform you HATE. I signed this petition and shared with friends. :) 
The FCC just broke it, the queries no longer work.
Site isn't working. Search for my name and get a blank FCC page. 
once Net-Neutrality is repealed they can just block these websites legally.
I think the simple fact that Comcast are attempting to step on this is good news, means it is a threat. On the right track? I have no idea. The fight never seems to end though.

For those of you actively fighting against players like Comcast and for Net Neutrality: Thank you! 
Doesn't work for me I just get a blue webpage.
An easy way to get around this is to just change the name of website.

That fight has nothing to do with net neutrality or the goal of the organization and is just going to bog you down on a side show.
The Internet cannot be entrusted to private hands. It *must* be socialized as a public good.
On the FCC comment page, I submitted:

"This ludicrous, insultingly-titled "act" is blatantly destructive to a set of open tools which defined America's economic and technological growth for 40 years. 

It is a give-away to monopolies. It is an attempt to subjugate the poor. It is an attempt to constrain free speech. It is an attempt to manipulate the fabric of our communication to benefit the wealthy entrenched ISPs who spend tens of millions of dollars on K Street lobbyists to manipulate the politicians. This is an attempt to create authoritarian rule in guise of "freedom." 

If you want to cripple the economy, control the public and steal from the citizenry, just shoot us. Don't lie to us while you ruin what you were put in place to protect."
You are violating their copy-right of the title "Comcast" though. Its literally in your site's URL. This isn't censorship this is them pursing a copy-right infringement.

Edit: I know how the Constitution and Fair Use works. And the things you are citing are accurate. However, if I was going to argue it, comcastroturf does not IMMEDIATELY look like a fair use thing, you have to actually be directed to the website. So, I would argue, without context it is still in violation of copyright. The Constitution and Fair use only matter if they take it to court.
I mean, come on, legal parody. Do you think it gets embarrassing to be the lawyer that has to draft this kind of juvenile crap?
OP's site's search function automatically adds the proposal to the search results (maybe simply as an informative function—the FCC's site is rather unclear), so it may appear to you that you've signed on to the proposal even if your name isn't on it. Recommend going directly to https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/ and running the search manually. Takes a lot less time anyway, and the results seem to be more easily parsed through.
If only there were some organizing. A government body that punishes cable companies when they do the wrong thing. 
Just change your domain name. They can get you for that.

Source: I've worked in the data center ISP space since the late 90's.

If it was something like "comcastsucks.com" you're on better legal standing, but still not worth the fight.
Fuck Comcast!
It always makes me laugh when the government and companies try to do shit like this. Like mother fucker EVERYONE can see what you're up to and can prove that shit. You ain't slick motha fucka 
Well damn, I think they just proved our case... fucking lol.
Hey, /u/comcast, you suck.
Submissions from /r/technology will be hidden from listings.
the worst fucking company in the world.
Can this effect non US users if we're accessing sites that are hosted on US based servers. If so, fuck com cast. If not so, fuck com cast anyway for there shitty practises. 

Fuck you com cast, from the UK.
Let them sue you and ask for internal documents during discovery to see if you can prove they didn't.  They will probably balk and have to pay you out just to keep this quiet.
I'm commenting to keep this bumped to the top. 

Former Telecom employee here. Any questions I can answer, I will.
My friend, let's say his name was Moe Bay, who was once gifted with moebay.com or some such domain (it was his name, but I forget the TLD), and the giver was pretty quickly hit with a C&D from eBay (a pretty new company at the time) which was most likely automated based on domain search; it basically said "if you are doing anything that refers to eBay, we'll sue you."  We had a mutual friend who was an IP lawyer, and he helped craft a nice reply that amounted to "we've notified the California Bar Assoc. that you are sending automated C&D notices without any factual basis to assert infringement, and any attempt to enforce same would amount to a SLAPP suit, so knock it off or the Bar Association will knock you off."  The law firm acknowledged receipt of the letter, only, and that was the last that anyone heard of it. 
Thanks Comcast for letting me know about this site!
Fuck Comcast
Comcast = douche bags  
Is the search function disabled?
Don't get me wrong, I hate Comcast as much as the next guy.  But is there any direct evidence linking them to the FCC comments?
