The new cover of TIME

Needs to have one of those singing card things in it where it plays the Tetris theme when you open the cover.
Great cover, but I think it would've been a little more symbolic if the curtains were closed on the right side of the white house
Who is the Illustrator? 
This is very New Yorker. Time covers usually look like clickbaity "this is THE issue on whatever" "also it's a collectors edition and also here's the photo of the year. Please just read me"
The St. Basil's is not really where the Russian government is seated, but I guess it gets the point across.
Take note of some of the design decisions that convey subtle messages:  

First, the Russian "influence" is originating from the right, as viewed by the reader. That's very intentional but not overtly partisan. Second, the border between the red bricks and the White House isn't just jagged, it has disconnected red bricks in the White House side, using bricks as pixels and data bits, communicating the nature and methods of Russia's hacking and digital influence through swarms and torrents of data and propaganda.  

I appreciate when designers put in multiple layers of meaning like this.  

Edit: Also worth calling out (even if obvious), the hand-illustrated/screenprinted style of the art and the muted color tones match the style of Soviet-era propaganda posters.  

Examples: http://io9.gizmodo.com/the-most-sensational-and-lurid-soviet-propaganda-poster-1464264698/
Guess they're not going for subtlety
The Economist really embraces covers like this, It seems much more their style. I do think it is well executed, it communicates the idea clearly, it's visually captivating and yet simple.  I think it's a very strong design.
I wonder if we'll one day look back at this to study it as a propaganda piece.

It doesn't state anything in plain text like propaganda posters of old but it still conveys a not-so-subtle hint of "Russia = coming to get you! Russia = taking over! Russia = threat!"
Hey everyone! Make sure to sort by controversial!
I would just like to take a moment to say I love that architecture style. So cool looking.
Hello, the comments have been locked. I've kept up with this for three hours and am all for discussion related to the design of the magazine cover; however, over the last 30 minutes design comments have been nearly non-existent since this rose to /r/all. 

For those of you from /r/all who are designers, feel free to subscribe and join our community! 
Talk about the design not politics [exclusively] please.

Edit: Maybe my concise wording wasn't the best. Talk about politics related to the design in a polite way. Using words like cuck, libtards, shills, etc. will result in removal and a ban. 
I like how the red bricks form the shape of Russia's landmass.

Like it is actually invading the white house.
Im sure this thread will contain insight on strictly design and no political bickering
They should have closed the curtains on the portions of the White House that are covered in red.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
I hope TIME does not cut itself on that 14yearoldandthisisdeep edge.
[deleted]
The propaganda is real. 
Actual propaganda.
Edgy
Nice picture.

Mods, you can't allow obvious propaganda and then censor people from talking about it. That seems like something communist Russia does.

Not American but Time Warner has been shilling war propaganda since their inception pretty much and they're like the second largest media conglomerate in the US.

I'm definitely not pro Trump but this Russian election blame thing seems like a bunch of bullshit.
While it's a great design, I am getting sick of hearing about these connections without any hard proof.  Ever since the win, we've been hearing how Moscow owns Trump.  Give us hard evidence, or shut up about it.  Otherwise this is Red Scare 2.0, which I don't think TIME has the guts to make a cover of.
God what a tired subject. It's like this bandwagon topic I can't escape no matter where I look 
Wow. Talk about overdramatic. 
More politics on r/popular
The political climate aside: the xenophobia and bigotry on this board towards the Russian people is astounding.
"MUH RUSSIA"

Gonna be hilarious when this blows up in Democrats faces. 
Subtle. I like it.
LOL there literally isn't a single subreddit, no matter how obscure, who doesn't attack Donald. This website is so left leaning that i'm falling off. 
[removed]
Tetris?
It's functional, gets the job done.

Otherwise I think it is kinda wonky.
Russophobia is pretty ironic
2 points:

There's a clever use of red white and blue; and yet the foreign influence is powerfully prominent 

The application of red  showing the creeping growth is so well done
[deleted]
Welcome back, McCarthyism.
Ridiculous propaganda.
It sure does look good, plays right to the average American's gut fears. When I look at it, I find myself wondering why these fears are being played to. 
This should be in crappy design since that's an Orthodox Christian church and not the Kremlin.
3Edgy5Me
Well, if this is the next chapter of the Trump-Russian collusion story at least it's rather beautiful.
I see what the picture is trying to say. But at the same time I can't for the life of me see how all of the sudden our country is being converted to an extension of Russia. The piece of "art" to me is saying, next week we will be having monthly red army marches to demonstrate how Russia owns us. There's still absolutely no evidence to support the claim that our current administration is "under Russian control".
[removed]
oh stop
Cringe
Pretty pathetic considering there is still not a single shred of evidence of collusion between Russia and Trump...
[removed]
lol

so we've come full circle and are back at the "evil communist doctrine".
I feel like they should've closed on the curtains on the brick side. 
Wow.... you know there is more evidence that Obamas birth cert is a fake then of Russian collision. 


This is a strange time we live in. 
What do people think would be the outcome if Time released a similar photo during Obama's administration? When all the birther and Muslim accusation were grinding the news? Curious? Not that would, though.
There is absolutely no evidence of collusion with any foreign entity. Nothing. 
You will have to accept that reality.
[Novo-Ogaryovo](http://blog.buildllc.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Novo-Ogaryovo.jpg) or [The Kremlin Senate Building](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/Kremlin_Senate-1.jpg) would have made much more sense but i doubt the readers this is pandering to know what those buildings actually are so a cathedral from across the street will have to do. 
I don't see what is wrong with being friendly with Russia.  We are friendlier with communist China.  In fact, communist China has taken most of our manufacturing jobs.  How do you explain that?  

We do business with communists and nobody says a thing.   Talk to a Russian, and people freak out.  
damn this looks so good. 
Propaganda 
St. Basil's Cathedral is beautiful, I once made it out of peeps for an extra credit project in a European history class I took. 

Any idea why the transformation is turning the White house red? Something about red square?
bold move considering there is zero evidence.....and the root of the whole Russia story is the despicable activity of the DNC revealed in the stolen emails.
Idioits
All politics aside, I've always thought the Kremlin was one of the most beautiful world wonders. 
[removed]
Considering the level of collusion the US had with the Saudis and the Gulf states in the past, I can't see how this is any worse.... or isn't a marked improvement.
I thought news organizations were supposed to be unbiased in all respects. Only bringing us the facts. Time clearly doesn't care about that, therefore I do not trust nor even read them.
[removed]
Subtle.
[removed]
Oh great this shit again
[removed]
is this 1986?
The design is propaganda, as per usual from Time Magazine. 
Funny how Russia was a joke of a threat just four short years ago.
Inaccurate but cool
Seriously, what's​ the point of Americas media? To divide the country even more? Get over it, Trump is your president and whatever you say or do to make yourself feel better about Hillarys loss is a waste of time.
I don't agree with the message it's conveying and believe it to be very sensationalist, preying on the current mass hysteria by the general public to send their political agenda across.

That being said, I personally feel it's well designed. Apart from the bottom right hand corner which looks like the 3D graphics from a PS1 game.

Edit: Welp, I've been banned and muted by the mods despite the fact the stickied comment says we can discuss politics but peacefully without vitriol which I followed to the T. So if you replied to me at all, unfortunately I will not be able to respond.
I find this offensive as it is based on unsubstantiated claims by biased media with no facts. It is intended to discredit the POTUS because he is not a Democrat. If the POTUS were a liberal, he would be sainted for sharing information with Russia about terrorism stats and​ cells as "a man for the people."

Instead, the story is contorted to their agenda with headlines that are misleading, that lead to the rise of a misinformed and brainwashed​ population of low information voters and the spread of FAKE NEWS.
Subtle as heck
This is an amazing Time Cover - makes me wonder, do you guys have any other favorites?
I can't wait for like 40 years down the road, when they start to make period pieces like Mad Men and such with references to this and My Sex Junk on bill nye lol
All new The Americans next Tuesday on FX
And then they accuse the right of fear mongering... 
This is perhaps the best magazine cover I have seen, or at least among the best. It's fitting to the political situation and done in an intriguing way. No words even needed on the cover. 

Would love to see what other's think is the best or among the best covers of all-time. 
This is so incredibly disappointing. Pushing the fake Russia narrative will either make Pence president, or force Trump to go even more directly at the Russians than the 59 tomahawks.

I guess the second bit is mccains wet dream.. The whole thing is just sad!
I'm trying to put things into perspective, how is this worst than getting campaign money from the people responsible for 9/11 and arming ISIS?
"SHIT. Why didn't I think of that?"

-'The Americans' graphic design team
I do think there is something there between Trump and Russia but has Russia recieved anything out of this other than laughs?

It hurts their standing with everyone else in the world and the are still sanctioned. 

Yeah its a zoo here with the media and our politics but nothing horrible has actually happened. Our economy is chugging along wonderfully while Russia is still a stagnant shithole. 
When designers say that design can make the world a better place, I doubt that reigniting the Cold War is what they mean.
Where's the "leave Britney alone" guy when you need him?

e: for the current president, if that wasn't clear. 
**THERE'S ONLY 2 GENDERS :)** 
[removed]
[removed]
Time magazine once again demonstrates a wonderful sense of design as it celebrates the destruction of the Soviet Union by the United States. On the cover, the Kremlin is being obliterated left to right by the White House. This demonstrates the elimination of the worst of the leftist Marxist political philosophy of the Soviet Union, by the more successful politics of the limited-government, rule-of-law, Constitutional Republic American form of self-determination supported by individual rights. The remaining bits of the Kremlin will continue to erode and be replaced by the White House, as conservative values are progressively implemented despite the totalitarian tendencies of Russian plutocrat, former KGB head Vlad Putin.

The design implicitly and explicitly extols the superiority of the US over the Soviets. And the design should have been used in 1989, not 2017, by the leftist rag Time Magazine, which nobody reads anymore as it is a source only of stale news, a week old, biased beyond factual content. [Here](http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19891106,00.html) and [here](http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19891120,00.html) is how Time celebrated the fall of the Soviet Union, unless  you want to count [this one](http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19900101,00.html). Time really, really, really loved Gorby. And Communism.
I like how the uneveness of the paint on the White House makes is feel like it's happening rapidly. It certainly reflects how I think most feel it's happening in real life. 
The design almost makes it looks like Communism/socialism is gaining foothold in US government.
My favorite American saying:
Hi comrade
[removed]
yet another subreddit added to the block list
[removed]
this is bold.  The more colorful Kremlin over the monochrome White House is very effective. There is nothing wrong with the political message: this is Time magazine. Folks who a butt-hurting about the message need to recall that President Trump was the Person of the Year for 2016. This neatly sums up the current controversy.   That's what a cover ought to do. 
Dead horse
[removed]
I want this same art used for a Tetris movie about Russians using some kinda super-technology to take over America one brick at a time.
So they think Trump is Russian Orthodox now? Didn't get the massage at all
So brave. So brave.
Oh boy I can't wait for all the evidence to roll in... Any minute now...
Shameful.
Take only what you need

Legendary campaign in Denver - they had a whole bunch of variations on the concept, won a bunch of awards for the agency, and contributed to reducing water consumption in Denver by 22% during a drought:

http://sukle.com/work/denver-water/
Gosh, I grew up near Denver (lived there '02-'13) and seeing this actually makes me nostalgic, that's how good Denver Water's advertising campaigns were.
"It's my industrial strength hair dryer, and I can't live without it!"
Bunch of people driving by wondering why Home Depot has such a small billboard.

I think the idea is clever, but I would be concerned that they needed to use a bit more space to make the ad readable at highway speeds. It might have been more effective as a single line of text that stretched the entire width, but didn't use all of the height. Maybe it would be more readable and still get the message across. 
I think this is brilliant.
That’s creative.  
Pay for the whole thing and take only what you need 
from me, a family of trees calling
Algorithmically compressed concept communicated effectively.
That should be Amazon Web Server’s ad.
[deleted]
A family of trees wanted, to be haunted.
[deleted]
yup that's a design 
Seems like a waste lol. But yeah nice concept
This should be in [r/DesignPorn](http://www.reddit.com/r/DesignPorn) 
yeah right  i want it all
"Take what you need, eat what you take." Kodos
You are secretariat.
This is actually fantastic.
this should be said about everything 
This is really fantastic, especially profound after I just finished a 15 minute internal monologue on how consumption driven we humans are
They needed to use a big water drop so people could know what this was about.
Use what need only you
Did you have to rent out the entire space of the billboard to use maybe only 1/6th of what you were allotted?
a family of trees
Damn right
These types of ad campaigns that tell your average person to spend less water, while corporations pump out millions and millions of gallons for price of peanuts, seems so fucking fake and on me, has no effect. I'm not wasting water but I won't be making a huge effort to spend less than I already do, when there's much bigger waste going on.
And waste the rest
Now I'm singing kids by MGMT in my head 
good ad
This is a great idea!

*reads comments*

This is why we can't have nice things. 
Fucking. Amazing.
[ee](https://imgur.com/5cYOo0x)
Wow.
[deleted]
looks like a bus stop
This is really awesome ;)
I bet they rented the whole Billboard 
#FUCK YEAH, DENVER!!
I live in the South. If I don’t use the water it will eventually engulf us, drowning everyone 
Leaders lead by example
It seems everywhere I go people are running out of water. But then I realize I have well water so I laugh an evil laugh.
I'd up vote this post, but it looks like it has enough karma already.
take all you want, eat all you take
Read this as “use only the wheat you need”. Mother communism would be proved
Five words and you got one of them wrong. Clearly you're not much of a golfer. 

Source: copywriter.
Just curious, did they have to pay for the whole billboard, or 1/4 of it. Because if it’s the former, the irony...
ironic because this billboard *needs* the empty space to get their point across
Fuck off commi 
This implies that it would save space on the billboard for other advertisements to use, witch would create a dangerous distraction for drivers, either that or their goal was to save money on a smaller ad, witch would be subsequently harder to read and would also be dangerous for passing motorists. Roadside ads are distracting enough without them being smaller or more numerous. The point of the ad is noble enough, but my point is this; There is a time and place for everything. But maybe try getting your point across on media and not a busy roadside.
Yo
Therefore wasting the rest of the space. Crappy design
r/adporn
 But... they still use the whole billboard...
Just the tip.
...But you've paid for the whole billboard and you wasted the rest of the space. 
That's stupid endless they rented the rest of the space 
It’s stupid if they paid for entire billboard area.
They still bought the whole billboard so nobody else can use the rest of it right? That's like the most wasteful option or them all
They paid for the whole space, might as well use as much of it as possible...
The guy driving by in a Hummer: what a stupid ad! Now, let's turn up this Nickleback jam. Yeeeeeeeeeah!
Why did it take whole Ad space.
wait what if i needed nothing 
5% of water consumed in the US is by private homes. 55% of water consumed in the US is for animal agriculture. 

Animal Agriculture is responsible for 20%-33% of all fresh water consumption in the world today.  

Eating vegan for only one day will save 1,100 gallons of water, equivalent to about three months worth of showering.
Like others have basically stated, great concept just think it should've been a little bigger. Same point gets across with better visibility.

Apparently worked though so what do I know. Maybe could have even been better?
IQ:1000
“Use what you need”

*reserves entire billboard ad space only to use 5% of it on the right*
It’s my industrial strength hairdryer. And I CANT live without it. 
*Take only what you can afford.
Why did you change one word?
Use, not take. 
~~Take~~ Use Only What Your Need.
[deleted]
While you have to still pay for the whole damn sign
Should’ve made it black and white too, the orange ink wasn’t a necessary aspect of it
[deleted]
[deleted]
This billboard tells a bigger story than just save water.

What's the first thing that comes to mind when you read it?
Which is why they paid more money for a larger billboard, only to use 10% of it?
“What does that sign say?” “Idk maybe part of it fell off.” “Hm.” “Hm.”
Sounds a bit socialist, an idea that people should need whatever some party decides and should ignore their wants. That's how society stagnates and dies.
it's great...until you realize they bought the entire thing.
this should be in /r/sign instead of /r/design
This sounds like socialism talk.
Oh, wow.
Ho the v by thyyhythy h HH hi hi uu h too hoihi you can i I bi bol HHhH pho hhhûuh hyji ùi6yibb
National Geographic Cover

Damn...powerful image.
Who designed it?
Brilliant design. 
Reminds me of this image of a plastic bag that's supposed to look like an ocean. https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/6vpr66/this_is_a_plastic_bag_not_an_ocean
The Titanic hit the iceberg not because they could not see it coming but because they could not change direction.

Same thing with dumping plastic?
[deleted]
Asia and Africa are responsible for 95% of plastic waste in the ocean. USA's contribution to ocean plastics is under 1 percent.

http://www.iswa.org/fileadmin/user_upload/Calendar_2011_03_AMERICANA/Science-2015-Jambeck-768-71__2_.pdf

https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.est.7b02368
Neat cover! Didn't notice the bag at first. I like it!
We don't use bags anymore. We just put all of the stuff back in the cart and transfer it to a laundry basket. 

That way it's 2 trips into the house instead of 10. 

Even better for apartments with stairs. 


Also, no more bags!
[deleted]
Yo I just popped in here to say I used scissors on a 6-pack plastic thingie today so y'all owe me big time, thanks.
In awe at the size of the bag. Absolute unit. 
[deleted]
Plastic or Planet?

The answer is MONEY
I also made a poster with (tons of) plastic bag(s) about ocean pollution when I took a graphic design class few months ago. But this one plastic bag image is much powerful, stronger and has impact. So many awesome designers.. I admire them, respect them, and get jealous haha but all designers inspire me. Nice work!!!

[my student work with plastic bags](http://nakyunglee.com/#/political-poster/) 
Plastic or planet?

Stop saying the planet is going to suffer it's not, we are going to die and then the planet will recover.

Maybe if we start telling people **they're** the ones in danger instead of the **planet** they might start giving more of a fuck. 
We need world wide governance to ban single-use plastic bags and bottles from being manufactured altogether. Replaced with bio-degradable versions if needs be. 

Should be treated like Asbestos. Ban single-use plastics altogether at the source.
Will win an award this. Awesome

Does the article mention that something like 90% of the worlds plastic waste found in the ocean is directly from india and china out of curiosity?
I use stock photography for work and I’ve seen this design idea many times when looking for pollution images. It’s clever and probably the best execution of the idea I’ve seen, but certainly not original.

Example: 
https://www.gettyimages.com/detail/photo/iceberg-plasticbag-high-res-stock-photography/892021588

https://www.istockphoto.com/photo/iceberg-or-plastic-bag-gm945270484-258188003
Its in the wrong language though, both from a design standpoint and literal one.   

A recent study demonstrated that 98% of the plastic that ends up in the oceans comes from just 10 rivers in Asia, notably the Chinese and Indians just dumping en masse.  

Meanwhile, Western nations already go to extreme measures to avoid ocean plastic pollution already, particularly in places like Germany where it seems you spend a third of your life on waste management.  

So this is a pointless cover if it doesn't point the finger where it needs to be pointed, with a Chinese dragon and Hindu cow pooping vast amounts of plastic into the ocean as a more apt symbol of what's really wrong with the world. 
The issue came wrapped in plastic tho
Neat.
My Nat Geo comes through the post monthly, wrapped in plastic,
Now that’s a deep image. 
The tip of the iceberg here is that micro plastics have found their way embedded in even the smallest microscopic organisms 
Wow. Great work here 
Cool done. And it was thought up very well
I like it because it plays off the popular image of the iceberg but it's actually a plastic bag.
You should see how much trash the navy dumps into the ocean. At my first command I saw it almost every day while we were out at sea. 
Darn, at some point everyone has the same idea..
We made this for PolyTalk: zero plastics to the oceans
https://www.dms.be/en/cases/polytalk

Scroll down on the page and you'll see an almost exact copy of the concept.. What to do know? :)
I originally thought it was an ice berg. But then it turned out to be a plastic bag. 
Not too long ago I was having my annual panic attack about garbage island (as you do) and researching it to find anything to please my mind. I happened across a right wing website - in large bold letters - “We looked on google maps, and there’s no trash island” basically chalking up the idea of a trash polluted ocean island to a liberal hoax. God knows why, but after I read through the article it clarified that there’s no solitary “island” in the typical sense, but rather a large swirling soup like mass the size of  America out in the ocean. 
Which to my chagrin turned out to be true. If everything rose to the top like an island it could be skimmed right? No, basically the entire ocean is a SOUP of trash. Good luck, scientist. 
Great, great concept.
Wow this made me sad
Powerful. Two thumbs up from me 
Cashier here

People are so absurdly sensitive about how they want their food packed 

It’s almost ritualistic to put some stupid shit like large sodas or certain fruits in their own bag alone

One bag for an avocado or two

Otherwise they get upset 
[Reminds me of George Carlin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rld0KDcan_w)
Simple yet powerful.
Thats sick, threw me off for a second then I read the cover. Smart.
i thought that was a whale.

definitely a thought-provoking image. well suited to being a NG cover.
That's deep...
I prefer paper
Clever
Stunning idea and execution. Wish It didn’t come in a plastic wrap when you buy it 🙈
Makes you wonder. The Earth is huge. But when is enough enough? Surely everyone here will perish long before we have to seriously consider such things. But I can't help but wonder.
[Earth plus plastic...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rld0KDcan_w)
I swear I saw this a few months ago? But this is the June 2018 issue somehow...?
I sense a kid with a mastery of the four elements stuck in there with his loyal sky bison.
Damn that is our world
Jehesus. This is really amazing!
right now it's so hot, I want to jump in a pool of icy cold water. Diy in backyard, anyone? 
I'm surprised this passed the Koch brothers filter 
Mass printed on paper in the digital age nonetheless.

It's about others, not me. 
makes you wanna pick up the trash on the ground huh? or nah? 
#Nut
“Why don’t you want an extra bag? Its’s free!” - most commonly asked question in the supermarket
Oh wow, I didn't get at first and figured it was a berg. Than I scrolled through a few of the comments. Nicely done NATGEO
More like planet of plastics

Excellent image but that tagline is god damn terrible.
This photo is garbage.
Dont care what anybody says..i avoid those bags at all costs.. they have got to be the number one thing i see on the side of the road. 
Akin to a woman across the bar, you never really know how much lies below the surface.
It doesn't look like a planet. 
[PLASTIC....BAG IN THE SEEEEEEEAAAAAAA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KR3qej0zmj8)
PLASTIC BAG DEAD AHEAD!
An image that speaks a 1000 words
Reminds me of the work of photographer Hendrik Kerstens from 2009, particularly "Bag".  

[https://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/07/arts/design/07photos.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/07/arts/design/07photos.html)
Can't we just feed the discarded plastic to bacteria or something?
Great cover. However, the text "Planet or plastic" is entirely unnecessary. The design speaks for itself.
And who are the people that contribute the most to the problem of plastics in the oceans?
Is it possible to get this as a poster?
Nope nope all made up by the Chinese 
Before anyone starts feeling guilty about using plastic, keep in mind that [90% of ocean plastic comes from just 10 rivers. Eight of which are in Asia, and the other two are in Africa.](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/ten-rivers-carry-90-of-plastic-found-in-oceans-hhd668fcb)
All my trash is sitting in a landfill and I recycle more than I throw away. I'm tired if heading about the ocean and plastics. Go to the countries that are continuously dumping into the ocean and play commercials and these adverts there
Grocery stores should all just offer reusable bags at a price instead of free plastic bags.  My new city does, and I see so much less plastic bag litter than I did in my old city.
I kind of miss NatGeo. My parents renewed my subscription from the time I moved away to University until I cancelled it a couple years ago. Great memories.
r/fakealbumcovers
Even the little captions are clever. A really great cover all around. 
Queue Snoop Dogg...
goddamn punched me right in the face. genius. 
Magnifique
There’s a Casio on the Plastic Beach
Shouldn't it be "**end** up in the ocean"?
Did anyone else think the iceberg was just making a 👌 sign at first
I was at the grocery store today and saw two brands of “organic,free range” eggs that came in plastic containers. In fact, the grocery store is a plastic infestation zone. Just look at your olive oil choices. 
Powerful image
repost 
Do you know where most of the plastic that ends up in the oceans comes from? 
It looks like an iceberg
R-R-R-R-REPOST shame on you. 
Really puts the shit into perspective 🤔
Fuckin bastard killed Jack
win
In Ontario we are being forced to have foreign windturbine companies install monster windturbines in our rural communities. They are very poor energy producers and destroy peoples lives. This is bad green energy!
Very powerful! Who is the designer?

"A new paradigm, The Earth Plus Plastic!" --Carlin
WOW! Great cover photo - really makes you think
Do we need /r/design and /r/designporn? No. 
"…and that's just the tip of the iceberg" 😂 ZING!
My girlfriend made a video on the effects of plastic on marine life. Check it out if you have the time :) 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiFsCCclg3E
I don’t know, plastic is pretty great.
That's probably one of the best images I've seen in a long time. So powerful.
r/im14andthisisdeep
windturbines are poor energy producers and ruin rural communities
Isn't a portion of this due to cruise ships dumping their waste overboard?  
Where does my recycling go
Oooo so deep
ICEBERG!! RIGHT AHEAD!!
Great design, could do without the stupid caption tho...I mean the image says it all.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
I'm sure this will get people to change their habits 😄

The moonbat lefties have been pushing environmental causes since the 70's and things haven't changed. Pollution just isn't something most people care about 
If the earth wasn’t such a faggot, I might be able to care about it. 
I fully agree that the ocean's trash problems need to be dealt with.  It really shouldn't take much, maybe 4\-10 whaler sized ships and a commitment to bury trash not drown it.

But this cover further illustrates that National Geographic, once known for educating the world about history, geography, geology, archeology, and culture, is now only an environmental/political mouthpiece for establishment hacks.  It's really sad to this magazine fall so far.
Asians are polluting by and large the ocean and no one else
Planstics
Wow. Just Wow.
👏👏👏
I saw this logo today, I think it's a fantastic design

Does it bother anyone else that it's a 5 sided box? If you fold over the tail an body it's still missing the far side. 
Yeah but what kind of company name is that?
The logo is pretty great but the typography seems pretty lacklustre and almost like a second thought. 
It's fun, but this logo won't translate well in other forms like grayscale, or completely black and white. Also the stacked type 'in a' just looks messy and unaligned.
I gotta stop reading the comments in this subbreddit.

It’s a lot easier to critique than create and a lot easier to point out problems than offer solutions. 


I feel like the perspective is a bit off. I would like to see the box tail shrinking a bit to show depth, and it would make the tail look better.
Great idea. I feel the execution is sitting at about 6.5/10 though. The type could be better, and the logo could be a little better refined.
Hey I've been there! The lobby is just as nice as the logo. 
You've heard of "elf on the shelf", get ready for...
You've heard of elf on a shelf...
It's missing a side. I totally like it though. 
What the heck, I was just there on Sunday and was admiring their sticker I put on my water bottle today. In any case, yes, it's a brilliant logo.
One exceptional logo I think
The type font is a little too "messy" and its frustrating to see the "box" incomplete ( 1 side missing )
This is the kind of thing I love. Two images in one!

I wish I'd been that clever when I was doing design, but I usually wasn't. I admire the designers who are, though. Even though I don't work in design anymore, I love to save stuff like this when I find it. It's just so neat. :)

I do have to agree with a lot of the other commenters here on the type, though. It could use some adjustments. Personally, I'd choose a lighter weight typeface (that might just be a preference, though). I'm also mildly annoyed by the way the "in a" is placed. It seems kind of wonky. It's hard for me to state exactly why, however. I think it's because 1) it's going above the letter height of the x right next to it and 2) it seems unbalanced, possibly because we have a longer word sitting on top of a smaller one. Looks like it's going to topple right over. Just a nitpick, though.

Someone mentioned doing 

    F O X

    I N A

    B O X

That actually might be a better solution. Also, it makes a box, too! :)
I've been there! Good place to take a date. REALLY Learn about communication and whether the person is playful....
Ayy I went here! The logo is pretty cool and the escape rooms are well put together
To be honest I feel like the logos a bit clumsy. The tail feels like a rushed afterthought.

It’s nice, but could use some refinement.
I love this place! Great escape rooms. I definitely admired the logo the first time I went!
The image, yes.
The type bothers me though
Do they sell fox's in box's? 
Fox in a Box, wearing sox. Dr. Seus
Hi all, I am the CEO of Fox in a Box and the person "mostly" responsible for the name. I can see that our logo has raised quite a stir and I've read that even the designer commented on it.
It took me time to read all the comments and most questions raised were about orientation, how would it look in solid color and how would it look in greyscale. So I've decided to show you all, by posting a few pages from our corporate identity manual.
https://imgur.com/a/hQxf7
Looks like one of those fake logos that was reverse designed.
Fox IS a Box
The icon is cool and playful and thats about it here. It's more like a 'once you see it moment' that is makes it exciting. However there is something off with the scale of the fox's features that make it feel like it could go through another round of fine tuning. 

In regards to the typography...It looks like the typeface wasnt given much thought from the beginning. It was as if all the effort went into the icon design and then the type was made to fit into a compact shape. I'm not really a fan of the Gotham/geometric typefaces here and think there could've been more exploration around something condensed or with a little more playful in the terminals. 

Obviously everyone has there thoughts but for me this is not finished or successful. 

-J
"in a" should be centered on the nose! Great icon though.
He can have this but i get denied for requesting a logo for dick in a chick 
Looks great, the idea is great. Maybe try to make the box out of outlines instead of fills... also try to play with black and white scheme as it will be needed for sure 

Other than that, looks cool. Try going for bolder fonts. Make it all clearer. ☺️
Thumbnail Bacon
I sear some companies come up with names and logos together. it's not like they name then business then come up with a logo. they have an idea for a logo then shoe horn it all together and this is the result. just like so many grafik designer portfolios with insane logos and names that are so far fetched an unpractical that the only place they could exist is in a grafik design portfolio. do you know what I mean?
More like fox IS a box
Cool logo but it's one of those designs I consider part of a category of making a name fit a doodle.  Other than rhyming what does fox in a box mean?  And in what order did the name and logo come to be?  That said, it doesn't mean it's not good, I just mean in terms of cleverness overall, what is the brand after? People have been doodling with geometry and patterns forever. 

I agree with another poster that the typography is just ok.  Again I don't really get it. 
god i wish you'd posted this last week. i just did an escape room in chicago, and my wife and i were with 5 other people. two of them were really good and smart, but the other 3 were teenage chinese tourists who didn't really speak english and they were.... not helpful. 
My only critique is the boxy foxy part won't translate well to single-color uses (lazer engraving, etc.).   My rule for logo design is start with black and white and evolve in to color.  This one could be ok with some fatties or perhaps inversing the light-orange areas if they need a single color version.  Just my 2 cents.
It's missing a wall though! 

That won't contain a fox very well.
It's a joy when you see a logo that took the idea behind the brand seriously. Neat concept and execution 👌
I would say it's a fantastic mr fox 
Really cool. I went to their Stockholm company and did the Tesla room. Very hard but really awesome. 10/10 would escape again. 
r/foxes
wouldn't it be "fox is a box"
Back to the point... agreed, great logo.
Is this like Netchix?
The typograaphy is pretty weak. 
It looks like an afterthought. 

i also think sooo it is a fantastic logo
So do they send you a fox in a box?
It has to be a five sided box, how else would the fox get in or out?
Bruh.  This logo is too busy, what would it look like as one color?

And the typography is garbage. 5/10
I've been to this Escape Room! Very tricky.... one of the few rooms I wasn't able to get out of...
its "ok" at best in my personal opinion.

its not scalable in size. At a small size it'll look like an orange checkmark and how will this logo translate in black or in all white? 

The colorway is nice but the similarities in the oranges will be a print nightmare down the line trying to make sure there is enough differentiation. Its still a clever nonetheless.

–Art director (specializing in design + branding)
Nice concept. The icon feels extremely imbalanced.

The font choice is questionable.

The juxtaposition of the two seems kinda lazy.
Thanks for your kind words about my work :) I made another version which I think is better than this but they chose this one. I'll show you that version tomorrow, now gotta go to sleep :)
This is one of those cases where a designer (possibly student) made a cool logo and then thought of a name for a company that might use it. Same with that “swan and mallard” ampersand logo.

Edit: well, just kidding. It’s actually a logo for a company that does escape rooms. Weird name and nonsensical logo I think after knowing that.
...Until Mozilla Firefox sends a C&D
Concept is nice, type needs work. 
That is incredible!
/u/fuckswithducks I found your new logo inspiration
Good concept. Decent execution for the icon. Bad execution for the type and the logo as a whole.
Looks like Shapeshift.io logo
does anyone notice its not actually a box? If you fold it its got one panel missing
Apart from the "in a" part, yeah, really great!
It’s not bad but still needs some refinement. I feel like the logo would be more successful if the tail was removed. It’s distracting and throws of the symmetry of the logo. It’s too left-heavy!
if it was folded up the back would be open
Still don't know what they do?
That's not a complete cube... just saying.
That box doesn't have six sides.
Did they copy Foxbox.io
More like Fox IS a Box
this fox is not in a box. this fox IS the box .. 0/10
Do you know what design software is used？I'm a designer in China, and I'm curious about it.
You know a logo is good when you mentally go "oh you dick" at the designer for thinking of it first
[removed]
They need to use papyrus 
Looks a bit like my [deadfaux](https://imgur.com/gallery/2xgka) I did a while back
Holy shit this is totally r/notinteresting but I totally sent a message to my friend this morning that said "fox in a box" and I was reading over it just there while I was looking at this post on my laptop. Woah. 
My roommate used to work there, manager seems like one of the biggest fucks in chicago
I, like pretty much everybody here, enjoy the concept. I think there are many elements that could be better.

But why simply critique, when I've got some time on my hands? So here you go: [For fun, for free](https://i.imgur.com/xFMsdgT.png)

It is messy.
I'd animate the shit out of that.
Can someone remake this as a Firefox icon
there is just too much graphically going on here
The concept is good (despite it missing the 6th side) but the typography is seriously amateurish.

I'd put it in the 'interesting concept, badly executed' category rather than the 'fantastic design' category.
If it was an escape room, then all you would have to do is walk out the gaping hole that is the missing side in the back right. 
I absolutely hate it
No
But... But... It's not a perfect box!
This logo drives me crazy everyone is using it.    
[example 1](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/06/60/d8/0660d8ba58b80eabbfa60e410d32ed7f--russell-foxes.jpg)   
[example 2](http://webneel.com/image/logo/42-fox-logos.gif)  
[example 3] (https://i0.wp.com/adlib.info/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/2_FRVPL_logo.jpg?w=846)  
🤔 looks logo is made for adolescent 
Looks too much like the MetaMask chrome add on. 
Logo is fine, type is trash
###I prefer a fox with a box....
Dog in a fog
I like it but I don't live it, there is a something that makes me uncomfortable. Maybe some optical adjustments in the head? Or maybe it's the white corners... 
It's really clever but the thumbnail looks like a chicken to me. Fox in a Hen House, maybe?
It's kinda messy, the concept is great but the execution is poor. Composition needs to be more readable.
[deleted]
/r/hailcorporate
My 5-minute redesign of Hillary's new logo. What do you think?

The current logo reminds me of the Colorado state flag and the FedEx logo. I get where the campaign team was going but your redesign is far more appealing to the eye. 
I'm not a huge fan of either (It's like I'm really electing FEDEX) but for some reason your take on the logo lacks a kind of authority.

Plus it vaguely reminds me of 9/11.
I think you're onto something so I made some comps as well. I think the darker blue definitely makes it feel more serious/professional, however the light blue doesn't quite work without the red - you lose the "patriotic" feel. And I agree that the separation really helps with value. Logos should work in greyscale, as you pointed out.

I agree with others that the curved arrow doesn't promote 'stability' and forward thinking. I tried a version where it's only curved outside of the H and is mostly straight inside, and I don't think it works. But I get where you're coming from that the current arrow is too static.

So what if you use a more serious blue, keep the red and that fat arrow, but give the arrow just a *little* bit more of a curve?

http://imgur.com/gfSQYDp

and compared to her current logo:
http://imgur.com/009iXcG


EDIT: I did these before the 9/11 thing got pointed out. I totally agree, and now I'm laughing that I wrote "Hillary Airlines" underneath that one... Funny what a simple icon can make your brain do!

**EDIT2: Alright guys, so the consensus is that mostly my take felt British. I think this is due to the navy color in combination with the white angled lines (and obviously the red.) I made the white gaps a little thinner and recolored. What do you think about this coloration - does it look more American?**
http://i.imgur.com/GT2HZGF.jpg
[deleted]
Here is my two minute design, I would think it's more fitting.
http://i.imgur.com/MnlGDvP.jpg
[deleted]
It's weird that a Democrat would have an arrow moving to the right.  I also admit that a left facing arrow would be odd.
I like your re-design, but I like the colors from the original.
[Like This.](http://imgur.com/9Tio1lo)
I actually really like the original logo in context on the website; plus the one color design is muy beuno

I think you have to look at this logo in context with the brand. Looking at your logo alone it looks good/trendy; but in context of actual pieces I think its not as impactful. The current logo is big, bold, and works great in most layouts and grids.

https://www.hillaryclinton.com/

edit: twitter profile looks good too.
https://twitter.com/hillaryclinton

I don't like either to be honest. The first is overly simple and second feels like a budget hotel price finding website. Niether of these are exciting or feel like (oh god I'm going to saying it) thinking outside of the box of typical "I need an H with an arrow" design.
Adding a curve seems unnecessary. In fact, seeing it added made me realize I appreciate the original's simplicity.
Here's my redesign: http://imgur.com/Rk9EyRb
[deleted]
It's pretty but yours is too "Web 2.0"-looking. This frightens away many moderates and lesser conservatives, believe it or not. See Wendy Davis' campaign, where they started out with a very Obama-looking logo but retconned it for something hyper-conservative-looking. The one you've made is pretty, but it looks too liberal.
I like your color change and spacing separation. Really great observations. Certainly an improvement.

However, I dislike the curved arrow. The original design communicates stability. Even the weight of the arrow being on the right side expresses progress and forward thinking. The curved arrow is more dynamic, but I feel the original straight arrow is better for a presidency campaign. Feels more dependable, solid.
I like yours better, but it does ignore the importance of the color red in the american political landscape.
Should include red. Having both red and blue is crucial to the campaign 
[This](http://i.imgur.com/QAfSrR3.png) is all I'm seeing.

The curved arrow isn't really an improvement in my book.
Prefer the original to be honest. Stronger, bolder, simpler and more direct. 

Your logo might be a bit nicer aesthetically. But as a brand for a female politician running for the white house (against male opponents), I think the original is more effective at portraying the right message.

Just my opinion, thanks for sharing your design. :-)
To me, evokes [Obama's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obama_logo), though.... maybe intentional? 
On yours the shape of the arrow reminds me of a Reply arrow, which is a pretty commonly used symbol.  Also the white outline of the arrow makes it look like a distinct element from the two vertical bars of the H.  The bottom middle one looked evocative of the Twin Towers, which I don't think is intentional.

The original leaves a lot of room for improvement though, and I think this was a really interesting thought exercise.  Thanks for sharing!
People really need to stop presenting their ideas with a disclaimer of "here's how little time I spent on it." It's a cop out so when someone says "eh I don't think it's that great" you can say "oh that's okay I only spent five minutes on it."

If you're going to do something, put your nuts on the table and fucking do it, but don't predispose anything you do with the mindset that it's something you just shat out.
Sorry the original is better, it's more striking and direct. Yours fits some graphic design rules but the original breaks them in. Striking way.
Your colors are better but the shapes are reminiscent of a plane hitting the twin towers.
It looks like a 9/11 logo.
Is that a plane flying through the twin towers? ;)
As someone who knows exactly dick about design, your logo looks more generic than hers. I work at a corporation, and soft lines with similar colors is all I see in soulless, corporate propaganda.
[deleted]
Maybe I'm going to hell for this,  but it looks like directions on where to hit the twin towers. 

Horrid design all around. 

Edit: Words are hard.
There's 3 things supposed to be shown with the original version - Letter H, powerful moving forward, patriotic feeling plus it's super memorable and noticeable. The remake makes it soft and bleh unnoticable like a logo for an app 
You lose the H form factor when viewing from a distance. Seems to insinuate a rise from nothing, I'm sure she's trying to focus on her experience, not to come off like a newcomer.  Idk, it doesn't seem like an improvement at all. 
Guaranteed this is going to appear on your Facebook news feeds tomorrow as a huffpo/buzzfeed/whateverthefuck article. 
Improvement
While I think your changes are a distinct improvement, I do think it's very reminiscent of the Hilton logo. http://news.hiltonworldwide.com/assets/HWW/images/mediakit/HI_mk_logo_hiltonbrandlogo.jpg
[I like my redesign better](http://i.imgur.com/85N2vp4.png)
You should make it a big !H on a stop sign.
The curvature of the arrow seems to imply that she will "spin" her stances to suit the end means.
Speed up your pc with H registry optimizer
So, swipe right?
This looks like an email reply icon. I don't think the campaign would want to remind people of "email" every time they see the logo. 
My ten cents:

People need to stop bringing up things like, what looks _appealing_  or _great_. Getting real sick of re-living my freshman studio critiques around /r/Design. Let's evaluate each others work based on the _effective_ use/abuse of the [principles of design,](http://www.getty.edu/education/teachers/building_lessons/principles_design.pdf) _then_ let's talk about about how it _looks._ 

OP your approach with color really has given the logo a sense of unity to it. This rectifies the loss of the original repetitious geometry. That said, it now lacks asymmetry. Try giving it some depth, to loosen the flatness. See below to explore your iteration further. Thanks for sharing man!

ICYI:
_British Airways Logo analysis_
http://www.logodesignlove.com/british-airways-logo-evolution

Ninja-edit: grammar.
New logo looks like an attack on the twin towers. Have to move the arrow to extend past the second stack.
It looks like an email reply button, which is... Ironic.
So at my work like 90% of our clients are Feds. I can almost guarantee that a designer gave her team a logo like yours and then watched, powerless, as they spent six months and at least six figures shitting on it until the design team cracked, piece by piece, pixel by pixel, until the client had the big fuckoff arrow that their dick bag higher ups had drawn on a napkin two weeks before even hiring them. 

Source: if one more person tells me "now, I know you guys are the 'experts'..." one more time today, I'm going to just "trip" in front of the fucking green line.
Although the colors aren't ideal for design purposes, they serve a stronger purpose.

They represent the red and blue of the flag. They represent the red and blue of the political parties. 
Reminiscent of the old Apple 'share' arrow, but I think that works in its favor.

I'd guess if the original designers explained their thinking as well as you have it wouldn't have been committee'd to death.
Looks like the twins towers to me.
Your arrow is basically the 'Share' icon too, which is an added bonus I don't think was intentional: https://s3.amazonaws.com/cdn-lucidchart-com/examplespage/Icon's%20for%20Example%20Pages-Share.png
While I like your design, I think it misses what I see is the story in the original.  What I see her campaign saying with this logo is that, although Hilary's base is in the pillars of the blue state support she gets on the coasts, it is through joining together with the Middle America red states that will move this country forward by voting for her. 

Pretty good but yours reminds me of the 9/11 flight plan
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/

Hers goes well with design of her website. It's not a gorgeous logo, but think people aren't noticing the full branding along side the logo.
Yes Hillary isn't looking for name recognition but seeing as it has sparked a lot of attention it's got to be working. The logo is perfect because of how it is distinctively different to anything else. You will see it and instantly think Hillary.
Hillary's logo represents the flag with its color scheme and straight lines
The re-design reminds me of the Hampton Inn. That was the first thing that popped in my mind. 
The arrow change and color scheme remind me of Obama 08'. This isn't a good design, though its visually appealing. Why would Clinton want a logo that may subconsciously link her to a controversial President?
One very important part of the original is how the arrow continues beyond the right edge of the rectangle.  This should be incorporated into most similar designs, as it negates the sense that the arrow is being stopped at the edge.
having a logo that's red and blue progressively steps on the whole republican/democrat mascot thing
Okay, here's my criticism: both look bad. Hilarys looks flat out unprofessional and stupid. Yours looks like a how-to guide for 9/11.

Yours looks much better, but I don't think it sends the message they want to convey.

Having the arrow start from the bottom would indicate that she wants to pick the country up from a bad previous administration, as if the nation needed to be lifted.

She will probably run more on continuity and the Obama record which looks good on paper, hence the straight arrow.

It's funny she has the arrow pointing forward, for the communist slogan move forward.
Reminds me of 9/11 to be honest. 
I hate Hillary . . . but I really like your logo.
You realize it's red and blue for another reason besides looking good, right? 
I disagree so hard, and I'm a logo designer
I would do yours in the butt
My main issue with the original is that it is that it's covered in jpeg compression artifacts...
Hillareply
all i see is the twin towers and a flight plan from 9/11
Your logo looks like you are forwarding an email to Hilton Hotels, proprietary 
New logo reminds me of 9/11. Not great campaigning material really. 
anyone else see the twin towers with a plane going through it?
So her basic message is Move to the Right, not too surprising. 
You forgot Pacman.

http://imgur.com/Pduox2t
Yes.
Looks like an airplane crashing into two towers 
There's not enough devil horns. Add more devil horns.
all i see is 9 11
Both look like hotel logos lol
Teal should only be used by sports teams and home cleaning products.
Nice!  The swooping arrow does remind me of Windows shortcuts...

http://i.imgur.com/1fk5uN2.jpg
The curved arrow feels generic and apologetic. The purpose of the boldness and sharp lines of the original is to create a sense of power and strength.
Funny thing is, some one was probably paid a million dollars for that. 
reminds me of the Hilton logo. good ideas but I honestly don't think Hilary's logo is too bad. once people see different applications I think it'll grow on people. 
Hil-dog needs to see this. Undecided voters might find logo design to be the determining factor. The future of our country is in the hands of a man named monkeysniffer08!
Bernie Sanders for president!
I think your new one looks more 9/11-ish
But yours doesn't convey how she's turning the democrats into a republican party.
Nice job. The curved arrow reminds me of the redo button in document editors, which could be symbolic depending on your politics. 
Change the arrow back to red and I'm sold. Look at the last few successful Presidential campaign logos and you'll notice that the majority of them have red, white, and blue.
Much better. Also the arrow can interpret as the share icon. Sharing is caring, anyone?
I say I hope she doesn't become president
Hospital this way!
So... I think it is to show a bi-partisan stance. To show she has the right in mind when elected as a policy maker. To show she can rally congress behind her and not make them her enemy because that's what Obama did and let's face it, Congress will be mostly Republican. Also, the arrow must show strength and stability considering the prevalent bias in the country. The red makes a huge difference as an action color. There is also the obvious red, white and blue thing it has going on. 

I think your logo is amazing but it's better suited for her brand of power clothing. Not her presidential campaign. 
The redesign looks fine but the arrow reminds me of a standard email reply icon.. which is not a great logo for Hillary. 
I do not like it. Waste of five minutes.
What do I think?

I think you should spend more than 5 minutes on a logo redesign, because it's barely an improvement, if not a downgrade.
This thread is a textbook nightmare situation every designer has experienced. A bunch of know-nothings criticizing a design that they don't understand in any fundamental way, and praising and awful groupthink "design" that misses every point and success of the original. 
The updated arrow makes the logo work.  In the original the arrow just makes me think "next" as in just another politician (which with Hillary is totally true) however the movement of the updated arrow kind of implies the next person is an improvement or a step up.  
undo!
Nice job!
Yours looks like it could be a Hilton logo. Looks nice though
I'll say lose the arrow, and the 'H'. The arrow looks like a reply/forward, and the capital H looks like a hotel symbol. Maybe something red and blue with "Hilary" in front. 
[deleted]
Hey, my wife said about the same thing:

"How does a large, red arrow pointing to the right symbolize the Democrats?"
I see far too many logos that have overlapping elements. They don't understand how many problems and the cost increase it causes.  If you're logo doesn't work in black and white, you are severely limiting what you can do with it. The only way to fix is it to change it, and that makes the design inconstant across other applications.   
Hillary's logo can be recreated.  I would bet this was chosen to avoid the awful hand drawn obama forward posters at political rallies throughout 2008 and 2012.  An arrow with two triangles is a simple geometric design that will lead to much more professional looking posters.
I like that much more. I like the aspect of moving both up AND forward. 
Gotta be honest, I didn't give this logo too much thought and initially liked it - it felt ballsy. This really is enlightening. I feel like the design team may have been clouded by their ambition and forgot to maintain some basic design principles.
I'm sure you are a better in five minutes than Michael Beirut's Pentagram team. This is without zero info from the client and their feedback. Realize that you are designing in a vacuum. 
So reddit is being used as A/B testing for political logos now?
I'm afraid a logo change won't help her image.
Cool design, but the curved arrow looks like a "reply to email" arrow, which is a connotation her campaign would probably like to avoid considering the private email server scandal.
Inb4 people say her logo looks like planes crashing into twin towers. GG
looks like bills dingo
Forgot to an illuminated eyeball to the top-middle of the triangle. 
I like your suggestion far better than the official, however your logo reminds me somewhat of a transportation company, not a political campaign
I kinda get a food company vibe from your logo while the actual logo actually has a '' politics '' feeling to it (just my two cents as non American not designer :P) 
Well done.
One is a cheap fedex knockoff, the other reminds me of the hilton hotels. Neither is that great ...
Great points about the color differentiation.  And you've gotta love those action lines.
The current logo would have been great... 25 years ago.

Parabolic trajectory means that the arrow, "progress," is tanking in the future. Current design means its coasting.
Idk but I have whoever is running aginst her covered: http://imgur.com/zdcPvLI
Wait... that first logo really is her actual campaign logo? Oh lord that looks awful...

(And I say that as a democrat)
I think you should keep a little bit of the tip on the right side to give it a bit of movement and energy.
But then it doesn't resemble the WikiLeaks design.
Solid design, but let's not help her get elected.
I think you should've watermarked this image, because there's a solid chance they're gonna yoink this.
It looks like a replay icon overlaying a clip from 9/11

I love it.


Looks like the twin towers being hit with an arrow shaped airplane
Well there seems be a lot of crappy critique here. I think it's great and a huge improvement. I hope someone on her team sees this although to change it might cause a stir up and politicians are sensitive. Whoever approved the original really fucked up. 
So much better.  The logo as it stands now looks like it was built using the 'Shapes' tool in Microsoft Word.
The arrow op has designed is starting from the bottom rather than the middle. Pedantic folks might argue that with the economy and growth in general. The current arrow which faces towards the right is parallel to the ground. Which means the Democrats are continuing the growth and will do so. 
I do like the color pallet tho. 
Tweet it to her people! They probably won't steal it, because that wouldn't be good pr.
Bill probably worked real hard designing that logo in Microsoft paint. Way to crush his dreams as an aspiring graphic designer
The current logo reminds me of 9/11, am I the only one? 
Nice logo. I would vote for it. 
It kinda looks like an Al Qaeda attack plan 
Looks really good!
Nice. Feminane too. But does create half of a frown.
YES.  I like it.  Please forward it to the campaign because this logo is bad enough to lose an election.
Hmm...

http://hamiltoncityschools.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/hcsdlogo_retina2.png
This thread has been linked to from another place on reddit.

- [/r/bestof] [u/monkeysniffer08 redesigns and dramatically improves Hillary Clinton's new logo in 5 minutes](//np.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/32hxxr/umonkeysniffer08_redesigns_and_dramatically/)


[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, respect the rules of reddit and don't vote.)
^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger/wiki/) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose/?to=\/r\/TotesMessenger))* [](#bot)
        
Yours looks like logo for a hotel's website 
Looks like it could be misinterpreted as two towers. 

Your design is much more pleasing.
A nice red arrow crossing ahead of a paused blue symbols.  Republicans the party of play  2016
Very appealing to the eye, but it Does Evoke Obama's logo to me.  Not 100% sure we want a "more of the same" message...even if that's what the country actually wants.

Still, yours is WAY better...her's is clunky.
I can't tell if this is a  joke or not. 

It is just the reply arrow.

https://www.google.com/search?q=forward+arrow&safe=off&espv=2&biw=2144&bih=1276&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=pUwsVZ6BF4eXgwS_n4LwCA&ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ#safe=off&tbm=isch&q=reply+arrow
Hit the twin tower here!
>What do you think?

The original looks better.
Colors remind me of Obama's logo.
Why does America support nepotism?
It's definitely better, but I'm still not digging it. 
I like the swoopy arrow, but make the white borders between the bars and arrows red (cuz Murica).
I watch this subreddit for this kind of posts, nice stuff!
Your logo is way better
Good suggestion, but I'm registering just to vote against ms. "Women are the biggest victims of war"  I dare someone to defend that stupid statement.
Yours is twin towersy
I rate it 9/11.
Am I the only one seeing the phallic penetration in the original logo aggressively compensating for the female candidate?

Also, nice update, OP. I actually like yours a lot. It suggests more of an upward movement along with the progress; her original logo could be read as a simple "from one president to an identical one"
The redone logo is way better for what it is, but really, Hillary, a RED arrow pointed to the RIGHT. Could you be any more obvious? A blue arrow pointing to the left would have been better but less honest. Hillary is a corporatism. Odds are she'll win and the country will continue sliding towards oligarchy. Hopefully Senator Warren will be there to keep her from giving the place away, but it ain't looking good for the middle-income folks.
I think you wasted 5 minutes on a loser, she's not winning anything buddy boy.
There's no red in yours
reminds me of the road to the future (never-never land, nowhere, where ever) in Obama's 'O' logo.
Looks like 9/11 
Is this a new hotel chain logo?
yours is better
Lol her logo now looks like someone put literally 0 effort into it
How about that criminal goes to jail. 
Looks like a plane....a plane hitting 2 building....
I think you should email her
Her logo looks like an airplane going through the twin towers......
It's shocking how poor professional logo's can be. I wonder how much Hillary paid for that?
Swipe Right for Hillary???
So you were just sitting around and came up with this how? 
What is with politicians having logos? I don't know why but I feel slighted by it. Also you're right, yours is way better. 
I'm certainly not a Hillary fan, but your logo is much better, and for all the reasons you described. Good work. You have the gift.
Yours looks like an Internet browser icon of some sort.
Haha Hilary Clinton 😂😂
Well done.

The campaign manager should recruit you to be part of the team.
I was thinking they should put fletching on the arrow and secure that hipster vote.
The arrow should point to the left. THE LEFT.

I DO NOT WANT TO GO RIGHT.
I agree about the colours, but the whole thing is supposed to scream "stern". Yours isn't.
I suspect the use of red is deliberate: The blue/red together would imply a hope to cooperate more across the isle.

Also, I wonder if some red state people would be confused into voting for her, heh.

Either way... The red/blue/white (negative space) is almost certainly meant to be patriotic, something Democrats get accused of not being.
Baby boomers lack creativity and originality. 
I don't like the sideways arrow.  Pointing to the right does not automatically convey "progress".  The fact it points to "the right" is also problematic in visual semantics.

[I felt an upward arrow conveys are more progressive meaning and doubles as a "roof" imagery to transform the H into a house.]  (http://i.imgur.com/2pIbifS.jpg)
/r/design is now /r/circlejerk 
Nice! I like the direction, but I can't help think of the share icon https://cdn3.iconfinder.com/data/icons/pictofoundry-pro-vector-set/512/Share-512.png. What about not having it come to a point on the left hand side, instead narrowing and cutting off at the first ascender of the 'H' - Also need to see a red white and blue variant of this.
Fuck Hilary. 
I'm all for a woman president but could it please not be Hillary Clinton? 
That is the "forward" or "share" symbol. Good idea. 
Is that really her logo? Wow, she could not run a more boring campaign. 
5 minutes my ass
Her logo has a neo third reich vibe. 
It must be red, white, and blue. That's a rule of presidential campaign logos. 
Not to mention how the bold, straight arrow says "Imma bulldoze ya"
I don't understand her logo at all.

With the right pointing red arrow is she subtly announcing her running as the republican candidate?
Both are bad and look like supermarket's logos. But yours is still better as the original is just hilariously bad. I hope they change it
Haven't read any of the other comments, but the original looks like a sign pointing to a hospital's emergency room. 
Current logo reminds me of the 90s
The current logo looks like one democrat stabbing another democrat with a republican sword.  
I feel like the red arrow to the right was done on purpose though.  Like a subliminal "hey I'm not so lefty".
It's not nice of you to one-up Hillary's design. I'm sure her fifteen year-old nephew tried very hard on the original (I've heard he's good with Photoshop). 
My name is freshbreese987 and I approve of this message. 
Bravo! Love the swooping arrow. I did like the red, but understand what you say about the colors not contrasting enough. 
God this is why I hate design meetings, everything sucks and everyone is wrong apparently 
I think Hillary is a criminal piece of shit who should be rotting in jail for the rest of her life along with that fucking buffoon husband of hers.

But, nice work on the logo tho'.
I like the movement. It reminds of what she had with this poster last time http://media-2.web.britannica.com/eb-media/87/124287-004-89F67592.jpg
It looks almost subversive. As if to say let's get the reds (republicans) out. 
I actually like Hill's logo. Yours looks too generic.
Am I the only one who really likes the original?
honestly it doesn't matter what logo she uses

enough of america is drinking the kool-aid and thinks she's a peoples' champion when she's been in the political shit since the Nixon administration
Soooooo much better
I remember seeing it and thinking her logo looked like some shipping company or motel or something.
I think she shouldn't run for president
Looks like a plane flying into a tower. 
Yeah, well, she had to hire her college roommate's 2nd daughter for the project because they paid $50k for a plate of shitty food.
The current logo:  is that supposed to be some subliminal ruse to convince conservatives to vote for her? i'm not a tin foil hatter, but i wouldn't put that past her people. i'd like to see the emails regarding this branding... oh, wait. typical hillary...
*
my complete disdain for the woman aside, OP's new logo is a hell of a lot better.
Makes me think of the Hartford Whalers.

Your version is much, much better.  The pillars in the H look much stronger now too. 
This is why people should hire a good graphic designer and trust them rather than design by commitee. 
We don't know what the client was like. Maybe the client chose this after the options or didn't want to pay an experienced designer? It's unfortunate but it's the truth about a lot of stuff we see
Nice work but looks like a 'hospital is this way' sign. 
your new nice logo looks good and all, however, Hillary's is instantly a strong rigid image, probably a take that she wants to get shit done and is not going to be soft about it... your new logo is too soft and forgiving
I definitely prefer the second one, but for some reason it seems to lack a kind of authority. It looks like it should stand for "Hilton Easy-Park-Pass" or "Hamilton Energy" rather than a presidential logo; much too corporate. 
Red White and Blue
These logos all make me think of sending an email which I would imagine wouldn't bode well for her.
What clients really want.

[deleted]
Oh you want it to look fancy? Zapfino! Double layered, dropped and adjusted to give the illusion of depth and shadow...i hated myself...
Hello friend.
For the first 2-3 months at my video editing job, my boss was insistent on re-editing the same video 3 or 4 times because he needed more "wow factor" but couldn't describe for me what that meant.  "Y'know...  just... wow factor."

Now, three years later he's a bit better but he likes to tell me "the client sometimes doesn't know there's a better way until we show it to them" which really means "make the video how I want it, not the client."

Anyway I get sweet benefits.
Credit: http://imgur.com/31aifUS Op took off the credit at the bottom of the image, original post was at /r/logodesign
Jazz it up a little: add a saxophone.
[deleted]
"Add random abstract shapes" is not really bad advice for a logo. You want it to have one arbitrary yet easily identifiable feature so that people can associate it with you.

(I'm not saying all logos are or should be random shapes, I'm saying random shapes are not particularly bad logos)
This is nice, but my wife's nephew could do as good a job. I'm not paying you for this.

Can you mail me the pdf originals though?
Oh Lord, designers I feel for ya. Oh Lord. I used to be audio engineer, lemme tell what we hear a lot, and what it means.

"Make it warmer". This means something different to everyone. Usually it means add like a .5db sweep from 600-800. Maybe start at 1db at 500, and dip to like .25db at 1khz. Remember, Phon curve. If not that, run it through a tube compressor, physical or VST, slam it, then take out that part of the chain when they leave.

"can it sound more modern/radio friendly/brighter?", slam it to -0.1db in a multiband compressor with a shitload of compression between 10-13k.

"Make it pop", make the cymbals sound like shit then dial it back when they leave.

"Give it some kick/oomph/power", kick the girlfriends guitarist out of the control room because what they mean is "my boyfriends guitar isn't loud enough".

"Make it sound like this record", give up and use the plugin presets because no one fucking cares about a good mix and the presets sound good enough for todays homogenized indie band. Also I am guy with 16 preamps in a 12U flight box. That record you like was recorded on a Neve 8038. That ain't gonna happen. I can make it sound fucking great, I can blow your mind with how good it will sound, but I am not a dude with one of the best studios, and most coveted recording consoles in the world. Go away. Lower your expectations anything you record is going to sound like shit because it's 2016, you still haven't figured out how to play in time because your drummer refuses to play to a click, and you want to be the next "Nirvana". There is one Nirvana and you're 30 years late! Be something else!

"Since I'm doing the mix can you use all the bits and record it at -0.1?", that means be glad you're a sole proprietor who paid an entertainment lawyer a fuckload of money for an airtight contract, then tell them to fuck off and they still owe you half.

"Why can't we just overdub?", because you Mr. Bassist can't play in time and the reason your part sounds so different in the mix than it did in the studio is because I spent two hours off the clock re-recording every 4/4 120 I-III-V-VI key of C part you played. There's four strings and I've only seen you use three of them, and the 80/20 rule applies to that third one. How do you fuck it up? I DON'T EVEN PLAY BASS GUITAR! I PLAY DOUBLE BASS! My stupid ass had to prop a bass guitar up on a table and hold it vertically so I could figure out how to play it.

"I make beats", yeah whatever. Leave me alone 14 year olds don't have jobs and can't afford my rates.

Sometimes I miss it, sometimes I don't. Though usually I do.
Is there a shiny info graphic that shows how clients should communicate design features and ideas to a professional? 
Marketing people are the absolutely least creative people  on the planet despite their own opinions of themselves-- the ultracrepidarians. They are the only people who hire experts and make them do work just to turn around and completely challenge any expertise with a litany of steaming "compromises" in an effort to create the poor, untrained creative vision of the marketing director rather than the hired creative expert. 

/rant 

Edit: added "the." I know you artists of all mediums know the drill 
Sleek is luxury plus shiny.

Nailed it
["Can you make it pop?"](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CjLomv7WUAAOr7M.jpg)
"This Particular Font" looks a hell of a lot more like Open Sans than Myriad. Apple did not use Open Sans.
Any chance we can get a name of all of the fonts used?
Not just clients, management when they refuse to give you specs.

Then they complain you missed the deadline they never told you about, that they moved up anyway so you actually missed two deadlines 
shoudn't jazz it up have a star instead of a dot somewhere?
I love it! But can you add "Insert saying/info"? = Ruin everything by turning logo into short story. 
I've found tons of pushback over whitespace from clients. Usually comments about it not being "designed enough" and sometimes a desire to fit EVERYTHING above the so-called fold (for websites).
Shouldn't there be a slightly longer category for "My nephew is a web designer and he says....."?
"Can you make the logo bigger?"
This is nice, but could you spice it up a little?
This sounds like great advise for graphic designer. Unfortunately I'm a draftman for custom homes so the times i do talk to clients it's always "well can we do this thing i saw on HGTV"
"could u add more artifacts?"
So what would make a designers job easier?
'It looks great but could you make the logo BIGGER?'
I had one client who would ask almost all those, then she would answer her own question with the "solution" being to make everything CAPS. And I mean EVERYTHING. Site map, FAQs, product titles and product descriptions. It was the ugliest and most shameful project I ever worked on.
"Adding tons of white space" in my office ends up becoming "you have lots of unused space here, can we put something there??"  
Like the 70's aging boomer yearned for the return of bell bottoms, so too shall I yearn for the death of g r a t u i t o i s  w h i t e s p a c e everywhere.
I freelance. I wish I could give it 1,000 up votes.

"This isn't what I was looking for."

"We went over this. What are you looking for?"

"I don't know, but I know it when I see it."

*facepalm*
You would think a designer could make a good looking info-graphic. 
I start typography in graphic design class today, what should I expect?
Platowebdesign.com created this not me. Thank you to /u/N1sFoop for bringing it to my attention 
My life at work. I sometimes do dinner and dance event designs, they want me to be as flashy as possible, lots of outer glows with drop shadows, different lens flairs, randomly placed lights, distorted shapes. I just reply "so cheap? You want me to make it look cheap". Shock and confusement strikes them.
Cheat cheet
"Well, now that I know what you're doing when I tell you these things, I can just do it myself!"
Aren't there actually technical terms for some of the phrases in the right column? Like kerm. 
Hm, that second-from-the-bottom one just isn't sleekery enough for me.
Don't forget how people always love negative space!
Cheat cheet
Videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4yul8d?feature=playlist)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[How to Set Up a Home Recording Studio : Head Room: Tips for Recording in Your Home Music Studio](https://youtube.com/watch?v=OLIhWybVTEQ)|[3](https://reddit.com/r/Design/comments/4yul8d/_/d6quk0l?context=10#d6quk0l) -  and also that I should use "all the bits" because if I don't use them all up in the recording they're wasted ?????????????????????????????   The wording might be weird, but isn't that technically correct? I assume he meant you shouldn't se...
[Make the logo BIGGER!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=5AxwaszFbDw)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Design/comments/4yul8d/_/d6qp2pb?context=10#d6qp2pb) -  
[Lemon Demon - Redesign Your Logo](https://youtube.com/watch?v=qImHuiYnVQ0)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Design/comments/4yul8d/_/d6qpm6k?context=10#d6qpm6k) -  
[You're Correct Horse](https://youtube.com/watch?v=b3_lVSrPB6w)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/Design/comments/4yul8d/_/d6qobdc?context=10#d6qobdc) - You are correct! 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r4yul8d?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get it on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
[Oblig.](http://www.theonion.com/article/bowling-alley-owner-wants-tv-ad-to-look-more-matri-530)
> Cheat cheet
OK, now do one for programming!
Don't forget Kerning. Bane of my existence until I learned how to change it individually.
I almost want to weep in sympathy of how much I relate to this post. My all time favorites from my boss are:

"Can we add a fade?" (gradient) 

"Fill the space up"

"No, bigger" 

"Stagger the logo"

"Change the color/logo/font" 

That last one is almost always  any branding he's ever asked me and has had hundreds of materials printed and distributed already. The "I know what I want when I see it" just came up a few months ago, too. Adding stroke, drop shadows or making it pop is now officially second nature. Smh. 


As someone that knows absolutely nothing about design, I'm a fan of the random abstract shapes. What does that say about me?
As someone who has been on both sides of this...

It is extremely difficult to find the vocabulary to describe what you want.
White space = "There's a lot of dead space. Can you fill that up?"
"A whole lot of letter spacing"? There's a word for that...
Wow whoever made this really know their stuff.  They looked like they were described.  GJ OP. 
Ha this also needs:  "It's not quite edgy enough" = add a grunge texture mask
What client asks for white space? Usually they say there is too much to a point where there is no visual separation. 
"add tons of whitespace" clients  will come back with it looks empty can you fill it up some more
This is by far the best interpretation of what clients want in design terms :)
Is this a gospel from the design bible because I feel like I should worship this 
Created a website for a classy bathroom design business.
Used trojan pro, before I saw this post.

As a developer who implements custom web designs, this explains so much. 
The more I see stuff like this, the more I want it to be my job except I lack the degree, the connections, and the actual job opening to do so.
[deleted]
another repost of this... 
Jesus, I see that the /r/design's commiserative "client" circlejerk rages on... Hope you guys are having fun.
This is real bullshit. If you are having to translate meaningless feedback yourself, you are not asking your client the right questions.
I made my logo myself but I wanted it recreated on photoshop so decal companies, tshirt companies, etc etc could edit or print from a source file.

At the same time I wanted the font turned form Times New Roman (Microsoft Word) to Tarjan Pro. Nope buddy couldn't even do that, just took my logo threw it into Photoshop and he was done. The quote was for $45, bill came in at $90, how did it double?

Icing on the cake, buddy just keeps sending out the bill every month on the 2nd and won't respond to a breakdown request. I'm not paying that bill.
When is doubt add white space? Great, another white space for black voices to be ignored.
[deleted]
🍊

Related: [What to Learn From Tropicana’s Packaging Redesign Failure?](http://www.thebrandingjournal.com/2015/05/what-to-learn-from-tropicanas-packaging-redesign-failure/)
Wasnt this repackaging a colossal failure and ended up tanking Tropicanas  stock? Unfortunately design doesn't exist in a bubble and in terms of business this was one of the worst cases of rebranding maybe ever. 
I actually wrote to Tropicana and gave them a link to a social media site when this happened. The cap re design was awful because you could not easily open it. I recall the hatred. 
The cap is clever but it looks like it might lack friction, making it harder to twist open.
This really made me want orange juice...
>Orange cap implying juicing straight into the carton

>No pulp

HERESY I TELL YOU!
NO PULP 
Nice idea, but don't like waste of plastic. I feel bad buying boxed juice as it is. 
Oh man, I miss those caps. They were so genius.
That's a [Skeuomorph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skeuomorph)!
It kind of looks like a big orange nipple
🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊🍊
[deleted]
I thought this was a nipple at first.  So you could suckle from it directly.

I also don't see any reason to further scream "this is orange juice".  It look nice but it doesn't add anything.  
It looks like a cervix. 
Thought this was /r/hmmm 
I wish my girls nipples looked like this.
–What if we think about a non-polluting plastic-free solution to the caps in our product? 

– Nah! Let's keep 'em plastic but cute.
It's a fun idea but I bet operations was curious about extra cost of manufacturing cute caps. 
It looks like the tip of an orange penis
😍
No way is that real! :O
I didn't know they had this on it now
Hehe. Looks like a nipple.
That is most definitely going to become lodged up someone's ass at some point and result in an E.R visit.
Brilliant
Would that not be Orangspiration?
I was the 10,000th upvote! :D
probably the only good part of their redesign 
Yeah, no. Would stick to the real freshly squeezed stuff. 
I can't be the only one...
Some of my recent obsession with red/orange

You're making me obsessed with the colours! Looks beautiful!
I want to buy these.
Those are really nice. What is the medium?
I love these color combinations! What was your process?
Oooh yeah these tickle that little space right at the back of my brain. I love the orange but it’s the cool blues/blacks that draw me in

I’d love to also know if these are ever available to purchase, I know I could stand to stare a while.
My favorite color combination is light blue and light orange. This makes my mouth water for no reason
Is any of this for sale? 

PM me, please!
1. Where do you sell these? I want to use these as a bedroom poster.

2. How do you make this?
These are beautiful plates. Great work! 👌😊
Getting major Dune vibes from these
Oh I love this! It's like a Sunset inside an 80's Pink Floyd music video, but with better resolution! I think I'm gonna paint my nails with this combo!
really nice and bold use of that colour
Do you follow Baugasm? You guys have a similar aesthetic! I love it.
These are so gorgeous. Lush, mesmerising. Like shots of whiskey and fireworks.
I need a few of these posters for my room, please come out with a place I can buy these. (HQ print pls)
Orange and teal!
Cool
this, namely bottom right, weirdly looks exactly like the album cover to Life in a Day by Simple Minds, check it out and you'll see
Donda dropping? Get r/westsubever over here.
r/vaporwaveaesthetics
I love how the upper right image text makes no sense at all 😂

it roughly translates as «poll boi — cost sina and crna...» and then there’s just a sequence of letters. 

amazing design and colors btw ❤️
Very nice
Stunning!
[deleted]
Reminiscent of a Sorolla and the light that shines through the thin of my greyhounds hind legs.
That looks fantastic!
These are beautifull! Do you have these as wallpapers maybe?
Love this so much
I love this! What colors do you plan to have these printed in? Those red/oranges are way out of gamut.
"orangered"
Looks great 👍
I'm saving this for future reference! ♥️
Stunning
wonderful stuff!
I don’t know what this is but it makes me worm inside. I’d say show this on TVs in Texas but...they don’t have power.
Gorgeous
Great style, love the symbols. I'd love to see the process.
Jupiter and Beyond the Infinite
Is there a wallpaper with the one one the top left? I Love It. Great Job.
These make me excited and calm at the same time for some reason. Love them!
These are really nice!! Especially the contrast with black. Did this require working in 16 bit mode?
omg this is delicious
Hey man, is there a good resource where I can learn how to use pixel sorting myself? Have been thinking about it since you posted the last time.
I accidentally changed an illustrations color range to this orange and I was so happy with it I kept the accident

Cool designs!
Wow that’s gorgeous! Mesmerizing! Well done!
Beautiful! The aesthetic reminds me a bit of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mgfe5tIwOj0) Dua Lipa video
Using the complimentary colors definitely makes it a high impact visual. Cool work.
This is so amazing!! What font did you use?
I’d love prints of a couple of these.
Brilliant spaces you have created in them. Love the pairing of colors as well. 
Would printing these intense hues be an issue? Or would you contain it to a smaller paper size?
Is this not all pink?
Lol upvote color. Karma whore! 
Jk it really is gorgeous
These are album covers if I've ever seen one.
That looks so interesting
ahh, the action movie poster color combo
It’s posts like this that remind me I’m supposed to be in the business of making beautiful things.
Ghosh how beautiful
Love these
do you have a shop
These are so dope. The bottom 2 are my favs
This is Amazing!! I feel emotions from abstract color! How?!
Man, this is brilliant
These are so beautiful!
I've been trying to get that grainy blurry color effect in the top right poster. What's the process? Are you literally just throwing a gaussian on that hoe?
Love this, really beaufiful.
*Love* the top right and bottom left
Oh my fucking god. This is godly beautiful. I just joined this sub because of you lol.
Hey! You are the one who's had me thinking about impossibly saturated colors all this time. Glad to see you back, this is superb work!
These would make excellent risograph prints.
Wow! The top right one would make an amazing iPhone/iPad wallpaper. Is there any way to get this in high res?
🥰 love this beautiful color
Are you still in VR?
Feels like Arakkis
Really satisfying to look at, OP. Following you here now and on insta!
Wow! Is there anyway you could make this available to use as wallpaper?
These are amazing. What program did you use to create them?
This looks stunning!
Beautiful. I like the bottom right especially
It’s warm, yet cold at the same time.

Like it a lot!
I like the one in the corner
Can i get this as a print in 70cm x 50cm lol i just painted my studio orange and grey
Wow, it's so cool!
Wowza, amazing
Beautiful! Prints?
Fantastic work!
So... What's the colour of the upvote button?
wow i love this
Gorgeous colors
Love this
Beautiful!!!
They all look so cool!
Incredible.
bottom left lookin sexy as hell, how much for it
Do we have a name for this orange-pink-red color?
upvoted just to make it orange
Wow!
It\`s awesome. can I buy the bottom right picture?
Reminds me of some of the special edition Dune cover art. Very cool!
really great work ! , its like sony advertisments from 80's
wow
I love these! And the details of the people when you zoom in 👏
Beautiful
Hey, can you make a tutorial on how to do these? These are absolutely amazing 🥺👌
love this. 👍🏼
That neon pink is sexy.
Is some of your work on Superreal? I just shared a very similar style on my story, same colours too!
Late to this, but this is so excellent
cool!
Pretty!🥰
These are gorgeous! How’d you design these, and do you sell these digital versions anywhere?
Wow! I want this for my phone!
The colors are beautiful. Btw I have been looking for tutorials on how to make these color effects but I don't know what it is called.
Одлични се! Десно доле ми е фаворит.
Omg these are stunning! Would love to know how to did this and what your process was if you’re comfortable with sharing
Wow! I want to buy one! What’s your instagram handle? I’m in love!
this looks like a cover for a very relaxing music album, i liked it
This is your last chance to stop ISPs from messing up your Internet. Join the Battle for Net Neutrality

Anything we can do from outside the US?
So if you haven't already, there's a bot you can text, that helps you write an email or a fax, free of charge, to your senator, or governor. Text "resist" to "504-09" and it'll ask you some questions, then you're onto writing. From another thread a few weeks ago, someone posted this message, and it think it's a great one to send. 

"Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.

Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. 

Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all."

I'd love to credit the user, but have lost the comment, but please, go send some faxes, show your politicians you want net neutrality to stay.

* Share away! Seriously only takes a few minutes of your time.. You can also find this Bot on Facebook Messenger "ResistBot"
Here is a White House petition to [save Net Neutrality.](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)

Edit: Please share this link. We can achieve more than 100,000 signatures and show the White House how we care about Net Neutrality. 

Comment from u/peaceloveArizona on a ama just here to spread it
Well since we're here, that's a well designed site too.
[deleted]
Hey all Europeans. Let’s chip in to save the internet. Even though we’re not Americans, this is what we can do to help! Even though it won’t directly bother us, it will most probably open doors for governments in Europe to follow in their footsteps. 

If you want a neutral internet, please sign these petitions and close the doors to a controlled internet:

https://www.change.org/p/save-net-neutrality-netneutrality

https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home
Ajit Pai is very articulate and sensible in his arguments against Net Neutrality. 

Here is a quote of his criticism against Internet neutrality, stating that the perceived threats from ISPs to deceive consumers, degrade content, or disfavor the content that they dislike are non-existent: "The evidence of these continuing threats? There is none; it's all anecdote, hypothesis, and hysteria. A small ISP in North Carolina allegedly blocked VoIP calls a decade ago. Comcast capped BitTorrent traffic to ease upload congestion eight years ago. Apple introduced Facetime over Wi-Fi first, cellular networks later. Examples this picayune and stale aren't enough to tell a coherent story about net neutrality."
This wiki copypasta disproves most of the echo chamber comments against Ajit Pai.

Net Neutrality is a Silicon Valley corporate campaign against TeleCommunication companies control over pricing of ISP and data speed. 

Google/Facebook/Netflix and other websites vs. AT&T/Comcast/Verizon and other broadband. 

This does not affect the consumer in any significant way. NN is unnecessary regulation. The internet is not broken. Leave it alone. 
And please research and verify this on your own. 
(Notice that NN is heavily promoted on Reddit and other social media figures)
Interesting design.

That's pretty cl
I wish there was something that could be done about “lost & found” and “lostnfound.hk” 
That’s a pretty cool design. Obvious and creative. 
I would love it so much more if the S and T were separate. Its 2 risks in 1 word and at first glance you might miss the meaning. Fantastic idea however. Just needs a little polish. 
The font choices are a little strange
I think this is a decent spark of an idea that could have been better executed.
That’s nice!!!!
This is fantastic!
**L ST**  
F**O**UND  
r/designporn
https://www.reddit.com/r/Design/comments/8d4pto/visual_puns_charming_or_insulting/
[deleted]
Looks more like finders keepers lol
I think Fund stole Losts 'o'.
At first i thought it was lust & found xD
Led Zep wants their font back
Lust and Found? What an interesting name for a store
[deleted]
I love that ampersand. 
Is this loss?
Anyone else see Loss meme
For some reason my head looked down at my balls right then :/
I like that the F looks like it’s holding the O. Like it found it and brought it.
I wish the O letter width and height fit with "LST" better
Innovative..
Yes, the design is good, but it carries a greater semantic load than it overloads it
What happened to the O in found then?
Jesus that’s good
I think they lost an O 
L Street and FOund
L street found?
That's dum as f ck
